
 WO2006070920A1 - Information storage medium, information playback method, information decode method, and information playback apparatus 
 - Google Patents
 WO2006070920A1 - Information storage medium, information playback method, information decode method, and information playback apparatus 
 - Google Patents
 Information storage medium, information playback method, information decode method, and information playback apparatus 
 Download PDF
 Info
 Publication number
 WO2006070920A1
 WO2006070920A1
 PCT/JP2005/024228
 JP2005024228W
 WO2006070920A1
 WO 2006070920 A1
 WO2006070920 A1
 WO 2006070920A1
 JP 2005024228 W
 JP2005024228 W
 JP 2005024228W
 WO 2006070920 A1
 WO2006070920 A1
 WO 2006070920A1
 Authority
 WO
 WIPO (PCT)
 Prior art keywords
 information
 playback
 video
 data
 recording
 Prior art date
 2004-12-28
 Legal status (The legal status is an assumption and is not a legal conclusion. Google has not performed a legal analysis and makes no representation as to the accuracy of the status listed.)
 Ceased
 Application number
 PCT/JP2005/024228
 Other languages
 French (fr)
 Inventor
 Yoichiro Yamagata
 Hideki Mimura
 Yasufumi Tsumagari
 Takero Kobayashi
 Seiichi Nakamura
 Kazuhiko Taira
 Current Assignee (The listed assignees may be inaccurate. Google has not performed a legal analysis and makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the list.)
 Toshiba Corp
 Original Assignee
 Toshiba Corp
 Priority date (The priority date is an assumption and is not a legal conclusion. Google has not performed a legal analysis and makes no representation as to the accuracy of the date listed.)
 2004-12-28
 Filing date
 2005-12-27
 Publication date
 2006-07-06
 2005-12-27
 Application filed by Toshiba Corp
 filed
 Critical
 Toshiba Corp
 2006-07-06
 Publication of WO2006070920A1
 publication
 Critical
 patent/WO2006070920A1/en
 2006-09-27
 Priority to US11/535,823
 priority
 Critical
 patent/US20070031122A1/en
 2007-06-28
 Anticipated expiration
 legal-status
 Critical
 Status
 Ceased
 legal-status
 Critical
 Current
 Links
 Espacenet
 Global Dossier
 PatentScope
 Discuss
 Classifications
 G—PHYSICS
 G11—INFORMATION STORAGE
 G11B—INFORMATION STORAGE BASED ON RELATIVE MOVEMENT BETWEEN RECORD CARRIER AND TRANSDUCER
 G11B27/00—Editing; Indexing; Addressing; Timing or synchronising; Monitoring; Measuring tape travel
 G11B27/10—Indexing; Addressing; Timing or synchronising; Measuring tape travel
 G11B27/34—Indicating arrangements 
 G—PHYSICS
 G11—INFORMATION STORAGE
 G11B—INFORMATION STORAGE BASED ON RELATIVE MOVEMENT BETWEEN RECORD CARRIER AND TRANSDUCER
 G11B20/00—Signal processing not specific to the method of recording or reproducing; Circuits therefor
 G11B20/00086—Circuits for prevention of unauthorised reproduction or copying, e.g. piracy
 G—PHYSICS
 G11—INFORMATION STORAGE
 G11B—INFORMATION STORAGE BASED ON RELATIVE MOVEMENT BETWEEN RECORD CARRIER AND TRANSDUCER
 G11B20/00—Signal processing not specific to the method of recording or reproducing; Circuits therefor
 G11B20/00086—Circuits for prevention of unauthorised reproduction or copying, e.g. piracy
 G11B20/00137—Circuits for prevention of unauthorised reproduction or copying, e.g. piracy involving measures which result in a restriction to contents recorded on or reproduced from a record carrier to authorised users
 G11B20/00159—Parental control systems
 G—PHYSICS
 G11—INFORMATION STORAGE
 G11B—INFORMATION STORAGE BASED ON RELATIVE MOVEMENT BETWEEN RECORD CARRIER AND TRANSDUCER
 G11B20/00—Signal processing not specific to the method of recording or reproducing; Circuits therefor
 G11B20/00086—Circuits for prevention of unauthorised reproduction or copying, e.g. piracy
 G11B20/00731—Circuits for prevention of unauthorised reproduction or copying, e.g. piracy involving a digital rights management system for enforcing a usage restriction
 G11B20/00739—Circuits for prevention of unauthorised reproduction or copying, e.g. piracy involving a digital rights management system for enforcing a usage restriction wherein the usage restriction is associated with a specific geographical region
 G—PHYSICS
 G11—INFORMATION STORAGE
 G11B—INFORMATION STORAGE BASED ON RELATIVE MOVEMENT BETWEEN RECORD CARRIER AND TRANSDUCER
 G11B20/00—Signal processing not specific to the method of recording or reproducing; Circuits therefor
 G11B20/00086—Circuits for prevention of unauthorised reproduction or copying, e.g. piracy
 G11B20/00731—Circuits for prevention of unauthorised reproduction or copying, e.g. piracy involving a digital rights management system for enforcing a usage restriction
 G11B20/00746—Circuits for prevention of unauthorised reproduction or copying, e.g. piracy involving a digital rights management system for enforcing a usage restriction wherein the usage restriction can be expressed as a specific number
 G11B20/00753—Circuits for prevention of unauthorised reproduction or copying, e.g. piracy involving a digital rights management system for enforcing a usage restriction wherein the usage restriction can be expressed as a specific number wherein the usage restriction limits the number of copies that can be made, e.g. CGMS, SCMS, or CCI flags
 G11B20/00768—Circuits for prevention of unauthorised reproduction or copying, e.g. piracy involving a digital rights management system for enforcing a usage restriction wherein the usage restriction can be expressed as a specific number wherein the usage restriction limits the number of copies that can be made, e.g. CGMS, SCMS, or CCI flags wherein copy control information is used, e.g. for indicating whether a content may be copied freely, no more, once, or never, by setting CGMS, SCMS, or CCI flags
 G—PHYSICS
 G11—INFORMATION STORAGE
 G11B—INFORMATION STORAGE BASED ON RELATIVE MOVEMENT BETWEEN RECORD CARRIER AND TRANSDUCER
 G11B20/00—Signal processing not specific to the method of recording or reproducing; Circuits therefor
 G11B20/10—Digital recording or reproducing
 G11B20/10527—Audio or video recording; Data buffering arrangements
 H—ELECTRICITY
 H04—ELECTRIC COMMUNICATION TECHNIQUE
 H04N—PICTORIAL COMMUNICATION, e.g. TELEVISION
 H04N5/00—Details of television systems
 H04N5/76—Television signal recording
 H04N5/84—Television signal recording using optical recording
 H04N5/85—Television signal recording using optical recording on discs or drums
 H—ELECTRICITY
 H04—ELECTRIC COMMUNICATION TECHNIQUE
 H04N—PICTORIAL COMMUNICATION, e.g. TELEVISION
 H04N5/00—Details of television systems
 H04N5/76—Television signal recording
 H04N5/91—Television signal processing therefor
 H04N5/913—Television signal processing therefor for scrambling ; for copy protection
 H—ELECTRICITY
 H04—ELECTRIC COMMUNICATION TECHNIQUE
 H04N—PICTORIAL COMMUNICATION, e.g. TELEVISION
 H04N5/00—Details of television systems
 H04N5/76—Television signal recording
 H04N5/91—Television signal processing therefor
 H04N5/92—Transformation of the television signal for recording, e.g. modulation, frequency changing; Inverse transformation for playback
 H04N5/9201—Transformation of the television signal for recording, e.g. modulation, frequency changing; Inverse transformation for playback involving the multiplexing of an additional signal and the video signal
 H04N5/9206—Transformation of the television signal for recording, e.g. modulation, frequency changing; Inverse transformation for playback involving the multiplexing of an additional signal and the video signal the additional signal being a character code signal
 H—ELECTRICITY
 H04—ELECTRIC COMMUNICATION TECHNIQUE
 H04N—PICTORIAL COMMUNICATION, e.g. TELEVISION
 H04N9/00—Details of colour television systems
 H04N9/79—Processing of colour television signals in connection with recording
 H04N9/80—Transformation of the television signal for recording, e.g. modulation, frequency changing; Inverse transformation for playback
 H04N9/804—Transformation of the television signal for recording, e.g. modulation, frequency changing; Inverse transformation for playback involving pulse code modulation of the colour picture signal components
 H04N9/8042—Transformation of the television signal for recording, e.g. modulation, frequency changing; Inverse transformation for playback involving pulse code modulation of the colour picture signal components involving data reduction
 G—PHYSICS
 G11—INFORMATION STORAGE
 G11B—INFORMATION STORAGE BASED ON RELATIVE MOVEMENT BETWEEN RECORD CARRIER AND TRANSDUCER
 G11B20/00—Signal processing not specific to the method of recording or reproducing; Circuits therefor
 G11B20/10—Digital recording or reproducing
 G11B20/10527—Audio or video recording; Data buffering arrangements
 G11B2020/1062—Data buffering arrangements, e.g. recording or playback buffers
 G11B2020/10675—Data buffering arrangements, e.g. recording or playback buffers aspects of buffer control
 G—PHYSICS
 G11—INFORMATION STORAGE
 G11B—INFORMATION STORAGE BASED ON RELATIVE MOVEMENT BETWEEN RECORD CARRIER AND TRANSDUCER
 G11B2220/00—Record carriers by type
 G11B2220/20—Disc-shaped record carriers
 G11B2220/25—Disc-shaped record carriers characterised in that the disc is based on a specific recording technology
 G11B2220/2537—Optical discs
 G11B2220/2562—DVDs [digital versatile discs]; Digital video discs; MMCDs; HDCDs
 H—ELECTRICITY
 H04—ELECTRIC COMMUNICATION TECHNIQUE
 H04N—PICTORIAL COMMUNICATION, e.g. TELEVISION
 H04N5/00—Details of television systems
 H04N5/76—Television signal recording
 H04N5/91—Television signal processing therefor
 H04N5/913—Television signal processing therefor for scrambling ; for copy protection
 H04N2005/91307—Television signal processing therefor for scrambling ; for copy protection by adding a copy protection signal to the video signal
 H04N2005/91328—Television signal processing therefor for scrambling ; for copy protection by adding a copy protection signal to the video signal the copy protection signal being a copy management signal, e.g. a copy generation management signal [CGMS]
 Definitions
 the present invention
 relates to an information storage medium such as an optical disc or the like, a method of playing back this information storage medium, a method of decoding information obtained from this information storage medium, a communication line, or the like, and an information playback apparatus for playing back this information storage medium.
 DVD-Video discs having high image quality and advanced functions, and video players that play back such discs
 have prevailed, and the range of choice for peripheral devices and the like used to play back such multi-channel audio has broadened.
 An environment in which users can personally implement a home theater and allows users to freely enjoy movies, animations, and the like with high image quality and high sound quality at home
 has become available.
 a video object to be played back
 (to be referred to as a VOB or EVOB) and/or its playback order is determined on the basis of program chain (PGC) information which is set, determined in advance, and recorded on a disc by content producers.
 PGC
 program chain
 a video object to be played back and its playback order
 are determined in advance upon its production and cannot be changed after the disc is produced. That is, when the above video object to be played back and its playback order are to be changed, the content producers need to make new management information of the DVD-Video disc and record a changed PGC on a new disc, and users need to buy the DVD-Video disc with the changed PGC recorded thereon.
 the present invention
 has been made in consideration of the above situation, and has as one of its subjects to implement video objects to be played back using playback control information implemented by a markup language or the like and control of its playback order with respect to content recorded on a conventional DVD-video disc.
 an object of the present invention
 is to provide an environment to implement video objects to be played back by a method different from an existing playback sequence and control of its playback order with respect to content recorded on a read-only information storage medium such as a DVD-video disc or the like.
 An information storage medium (1)
 has a data area (12) in which a video data recording area (20) including a-management area (30) for recording management information (HDVMG) and an object area (40, 50) for recording object (HDVTS, AHDVTS) managed by the management information, and an advanced .content recording area (21) including information (21A - 21E) different from recording content (30 - 50) in the video data recording area (20) are stored, and a file information area (11) in which file information
 the data area (12)
 is configured to store a primary object set (P-EVOBS) which is a group, of at least one of primary objects (EVOB#1, #2, and the like) for managing a relationship between a playback time (TM DIFF or the like) and a recording position (TM_EN_ADR or the like) in accordance with at least one of time maps (TMAP#1, #2, and the like; corresponding to TMAPIT) , and includes a main picture stream, and a secondary object (S-EVOB) in which the relationship between the playback time (TM_DIFF) and the recording position (TM_EN_ADR) is managed in accordance with an individual time map (TMAP) , and includes another picture stream to be played back simultaneously with the main picture stream.
 P-EVOBS
 primary object set
 TM DIFF
 playback time
 TM_EN_ADR
 recording position
 S-EVOB
 secondary object
 an information storage medium and its playback apparatus
 which can implement colorful expressions and can form attractive content, can be provided.
 FIG. 1
 shows an example of the data structure of recording information on disc-shaped information storage medium (optical disc, etc.) 1 according to an embodiment of the present invention
 FIG. 2
 is a view for explaining an example of a file system used to manage content recorded on the disc-shaped information storage medium according to the embodiment of the present invention
 FIG. 3
 shows an example of the data structure of HD video manager information (HDVMGI) recorded on an HD video manager (HDVMG) recording area;
 HDVMGI
 HD video manager information
 FIG. 4
 shows an example of the data structure of " an HD video manager information management table (HDVMGI_MAT) included in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) and the recording content of category information (HDVMG_CAT) stored in this management table;
 FIG. 5
 shows an example of the data structure of a title search pointer table (TT_SRPT) recorded in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) ;
 FIG. 6
 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video manager menu PGCI unit table (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT) recorded in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI);
 FIG. 7
 shows an example of the data structure of each HD video manager menu language unit (HDVMGM_LU#n) ;
 FIG. 8
 shows an example of the recording content of an HDVMGM_PGC category (HDVMGM_PGC_CAT) ;
 FIG. 9
 shows an example of the data, structure of a parental management information table (PTL_MAIT) recorded in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) ;
 FIG. 10
 shows an example of the data structure of each parental management information (PTL_MAI#n) ;
 FIG. 11
 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set attribute information table (HDVTS_ATRT) recorded in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI);
 FIG. 12
 shows 'an example of the data structure of a text data manager (TXTDT_MG) recorded in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) ;
 FIG. 13
 shows an example of the data structure of each text data language unit (TXTDT_LU#n) ;
 FIG. 14
 shows an example of the data structure of text data (TXTDT)
 FIG. 15
 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video manager menu cell address table (HDMVGM_C_ADT) recorded in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) ;
 FIG. 16
 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video manager menu video object unit address map (HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP) recorded in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI);
 FIG. 17
 shows an example of the data structure of an HD menu audio object set information table (HDMENU_AOBSIT) recorded in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI);
 HDMENU_AOBSIT
 HD menu audio object set information table
 HDVMGI
 HD video manager information
 FIG. 18
 shows an example of the data structure of a menu video object area (HDVMGM_VOBS) recorded in the HD video manager (HDVMG) area
 FIG. 19
 shows an example of the data structure of a menu audio object area (HDMENU_AOBS) recorded in the HD video manager (HDVMG) area
 HDVMGM_VOBS
 menu video object area
 HDMENU_AOBS
 menu audio object area
 FIG. 20
 shows an example of the data structure of HD video title set information (HDVTSI) recorded on each HD video title set (HDVTS#n) recording area;
 HDVTSI
 HD video title set information
 FIG. 21
 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set information management table (HDVTSI_MAT) recorded in the HD video ' title set information (HDVTSI);
 FIG. 22
 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set part-of-title search pointer table (HDVTS_PTT_SRPT) recorded in the HD video title set information (HDVTSI);
 HDVTS_PTT_SRPT
 HD video title set information
 FIG. 23
 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set program chain information table (HDVTS_PGCIT) recorded in the HD video title set information (HDVTSI);
 HDVTS_PGCIT
 HD video title set program chain information table
 FIG. 24
 shows an example of the recording content of an HDVTS_PGC category (HDVTS_PGC_CAT) ;
 FIG. 25
 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set menu PGCI unit table (HDVTSM_PGCI_UT) recorded in the HD video title set information (HDVTSI);
 FIG. 26
 shows an example of the data structure of each HD video title set menu language unit (HDVTSM_LU#n) ;
 FIG. 27
 shows an example of the recording content of an HDVTSM_PGC category (HDVTSM_PGC_CAT) ;
 FIG. 28
 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set time map table (HDVTSJTMAPT) recorded in the HD video title set information (HDVTSI);
 FIG. 29
 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set menu cell address table (HDVTSM_C_ADT) recorded in HD video title set information (HDVTSI);
 HDVTSM_C_ADT
 HD video title set information
 FIG. 30
 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set menu video object unit address map (HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP) recorded in HD video title set information (HDVTSI);
 HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP
 HD video title set information
 FIG. 31
 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set cell address table (HDVTS_C_ADT) recorded in HD video title set information (HDVTSI)
 FIG. 32
 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set video object unit address map (HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAP) recorded in HD video title set information (HDVTSI);
 FIG. 33
 shows an example of the data structure of program chain general information (PGC_GI) included in program chain information (PGCI: e.g., corresponding to one of HDVTS_PGCI in FIG. 23), and the recording content of a PGC graphics unit stream control table (PGC_GUST_CTLT) and resume/audio object category (RSM&AOB_CAT) stored in this PGCI;
 PGC_GI
 program chain general information
 FIG. 34
 shows an example of the data structure of a program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) included in the program chain information (PGCI);
 FIG. 35
 shows an example of the content of program chain command table information (PGC_CMDTI) and each resume command (RSM_CMD) included in the program chain command table (PGC CMDT) ;
 FIG. 36
 shows an example of the data structure of a program chain program map (PGC_PGMAP) and that of a cell position information table (C_POSIT) included in the program chain information (PGCI) ;
 FIG. 37
 shows an example of the data structure of a cell playback information table (C_PBIT) included in the program chain information (PGCI) ;
 FIG. 38
 is a block diagram showing an example of the internal structure of a playback apparatus for the disc-shaped information storage medium (optical disc, etc.) according to the embodiment of the present invention.
 FIG. 33
 is a block diagram for explaining an example of the arrangement of each decoder in the apparatus shown in FIG. 38;
 FIG. 40
 is a view for explaining the concept of imaginary video access unit IVAU
 FIG. 41
 is a view for explaining a practical example of system parameters used in the embodiment of the present invention.
 FIG. 42
 shows an example of a list of commands used in the embodiment of the present invention.
 FIG. 43
 shows practical examples in respective fields of the commands used in the embodiment of the present invention.
 FIG. 44
 shows an example of allocation of graphics units GU in video objects
 FIG. 45
 shows an example of the data structure in each graphics unit
 FIG. 46
 shows an example of header information content and general information content -in each graphics unit
 FIG. 47
 is a view for explaining image examples of mask data and graphics data in each graphics unit;
 FIG. 48
 is a view showing an example of video composition including mask patterns;
 FIG. 49
 is a view for explaining an example of button position information in graphics unit GU;
 FIG. 50
 is a view for explaining an example of the recording content of an advanced content recording area of the information content recorded on disc-shaped information storage medium (optical disc, etc.) 1 according to another embodiment of the present invention.
 FIG. 51
 is a view for explaining an example of the recording content of an advanced HD video title set (AHDVTS) recording area of the information content recorded on disc-shaped information storage medium (optical disc, etc.) 1 according to still another embodiment of the present invention;
 AHDVTS
 advanced HD video title set
 FIG. 52
 shows an example of the data structure of advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) recorded on the advanced HD video title set recording " area;
 FIG. 53
 shows an example of the data structure of an advanced HD video title set information management table (AHDVTSI_MAT) recorded in the advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) , and the- recording content of category information (AHDVTS_CAT) stored in this management table;
 AHDVTSI_MAT
 advanced HD video title set information management table
 AHDVTSI_CAT
 category information
 FIG. 54
 shows an example of the data structure of an advanced HD video title set part-of-title search pointer table (AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT) recorded in the advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI);
 AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT
 advanced HD video title set information
 FIG. 55
 shows an example of the data structure of an advanced HD video title set program chain information. table (AHDVTS_PGCIT) recorded in the advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI);
 FIG. 56
 shows an example of the data structure of program chain general information (PGC_GI) included in program chain information (PGCI: e.g., corresponding to AHDVTS_PGCI in FIG. 55);
 FIG. 57
 shows an example of the data structure of an advanced HD video title set cell address table
 FIG. 58
 shows an example of the data structure of a time map information table (TMAPIT) recorded in the advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI);
 TMAPIT
 time map information table
 AHDVTSI
 advanced HD video title set information
 FIG. 59
 shows an example of the data structure of each time map information (TMAPI) included in the time map information table (TMAPIT) , and the recording content of time map generation information (TMAP_GI) stored in this time map information;
 TMAPI
 time map information
 TMAPIT
 time map information table
 TMAP_GI
 time map generation information
 FIG. 60
 shows an example of the data structure of a time entry table (TM_ENT) included in the time map information (TMAPI) and the recording content of the number of time entries (TM_EN_Ns) and a time entry (TM_EN) stored in this time entry table;
 FIG. 61
 shows an example of the recording content of a video object unit entry (VOBU_ENT) , those of an interleaved unit address entry (ILVU_ADR_ENT) , and those of an entry video object number (ENT_VOBN) , which are included in the time map information (TMAPI) ;
 FIG. 62
 is a flowchart for explaining an example of the playback sequence of an advanced VTS (AHDVTS in FIGS. 51, 74, 79, and the like) according to the content of information (application type) included in the management information (e.g., AHDVTS_CAT in FIG. 53);
 FIG. 63
 is a view for explaining the configuration of a navigation pack (NV_PCK) allocated at the head of each data unit (EVOBU) used in an expanded video object (a video object in an HDVTS) according to the embodiment of the present invention;
 FIG. 64
 shows an example of the data structure of playback control information (PCI) in the navigation pack (NV_PCK) used in the expanded video object;
 FIG. 65
 shows an example of the data structure of data search information (DSI) in the navigation pack (NV_PCK) used in the expanded video object;
 FIG. 66
 is a view for explaining an example of the configuration of an advanced VTS (AHDVTS) ;
 FIG. 67
 is a view for explaining elements which form a time map according to the embodiment of the present invention.
 FIG. 68
 is a view for explaining practical elements which form the time map
 FIG. 69
 shows an example of a case wherein a plurality of objects (e.g., V0B#2 and VOB#3) are to be played back.using ILVU data of an interleaved block;
 a plurality of objects
 e.g., V0B#2 and VOB#3
 FIG. 70
 is a view for explaining a time map of an ILVU interval in the example of FIG. 69;
 FIG. 71
 is a view for explaining a time map in the interleaved block
 FIG. 72
 is a block diagram showing an example of the internal structure of a playback apparatus according to still another embodiment of the present invention.
 FIG. 73
 is a view for explaining a part (HDVMG_CAT) of the recording content of an HD video manager (HDVMG) recording area of the information content recorded on disc-shaped information storage medium (content type 1 disc) 1 according to still another embodiment of the present invention
 FIG. 74
 is a view for explaining the data structure (AHDVMGI is allocated in the HDVMG unlike in the example of FIG. 1) of an HD video manager (HDVMG) recording area of the information content recorded on disc-shaped information storage medium (content type 2 disc example 1) 1 according to still another embodiment of the present invention;
 FIG. 75
 shows an example of the data structure of advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI) recorded on the HD video manager (HDVMG) shown in FIG. 74;
 AHDVMGI
 advanced HD video manager information
 FIG. 76
 shows an example of the data structure of an advanced. HD video manager information management table (AHDVMGI_MAT) included in the advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI), and the recording content of category information (HDVMG_CAT) stored in this management table;
 AHDVMGI_MAT
 advanced HD video manager information management table
 HDVMG_CAT
 recording content of category information
 FIG. 77
 shows an example of the data structure of an advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) included in the advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI) ;
 FIG. 78
 is a view for explaining a playback model (example 1) of a disc that records an advanced VTS (AHDVTS) ;
 FIG. 79
 is a view for explaining the data structure of video data recording area 20 and advanced content recording area 21 of the information content recorded on disc-shaped information storage medium (content type 2 disc example 2) 1 according to still another embodiment of the present invention;
 FIG. 80
 shows an example of the data structure of advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI) that can be recorded in an HD video manager (HDVMG) shown in FIG. 79;
 AHDVMGI
 advanced HD video manager information
 FIG. 81
 shows an example of the data structure of an advanced HD video manager information management table (AHDVMGI_MAT) included in the advanced video manager information (AHDVMGI) in FIG. 80, and the recording content (the content different from FIG. 76) of category, information (HDVMG_CAT) stored in this management table;
 FIG. 82
 shows an example of the data structure (the content different from FIG. 77) of .an advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) included in the advanced video manager information (AHDVMGI) in FIG. 80;
 FIG. 83
 is a view for explaining the relationship between the advanced VTS playback state and standard VTS playback state;
 FIG. 84
 is a view for explaining a playback control module shift command on the DVD-Video playback engine side
 FIG. 85
 is a flowchart for explaining a switching algorithm of a user command process
 FIG. 86
 is a view for explaining a domain transition model in a content type 2 disc (FIG. 79, etc.) which records the advanced VTS and standard VTS together
 FIG. 87
 is a view for explaining a playback model
 example 2
 that records the advanced VTS (AHDVTS) and standard VTS (HDVTS) together;
 FIG. 88
 is a view for explaining a unique reference model of objects in a disc that records the advanced VTS (AHDVTS) and standard VTS (HDVTS) together;
 AHDVTS
 advanced VTS
 HDVTS
 standard VTS
 FIG. 89
 is a view for explaining a shared reference model of objects in a disc that records the advanced VTS (AHDVTS) and standard VTS (HDVTS) together;
 AHDVTS
 advanced VTS
 HDVTS
 standard VTS
 FIG. 90
 is a view for explaining a . practical example of loading information included in advanced content
 FIG. 91
 is a block diagram for explaining the arrangement of a buffer manager in an interactive engine of the apparatus shown in FIG. 72.
 FIG. 92
 is a flowchart for explaining an example of the apparatus operation when the interactive engine of the apparatus shown in FIG. 72 is activated.
 FIG. 93
 is a view for explaining an example of the configuration of an advanced VTS having multiple PGCs;
 FIG. 94
 is a view for explaining an example of the configuration of an advanced VTS having one PGC;
 FIG. 95
 is a view for explaining a description example (an example using the chapter/PTT numbers) of a playback sequence in a playback sequence information file (e.g., file PBSEQOOl.XML in FIG. 2) ;
 FIG. 96
 is a view for explaining another description example (an example using the cell numbers) of a playback sequence in a playback sequence information file (a PBSEQOOl.XML file or the like);
 FIG. 97
 is a view for explaining still another description example (an example using the PGC number and chapter/PTT numbers) of a playback sequence in a playback sequence information file (file PBSEQOOl.XML or the like) ;
 FIG. 98
 is a view for explaining yet another description example (an example using the PGC number and cell numbers) of a playback sequence in a playback sequence information file (file PBSEQOOl.XML or the like) ;
 FIG. 99
 is a flowchart for explaining an example of the processing for initializing the playback sequence of an advanced VTS by a DVD playback engine using a playback sequence information file (e.g., file PBSEQOOl.XML in FIG. 2) (so as to initialize .to use a playback sequence based on the description of the playback sequence information file in place of that based on existing PGC information) ;
 FIG. 100
 is a block diagram for explaining an example of the internal structure of a playback apparatus according to still another embodiment of the present invention;
 FIG. 101
 is a view showing another example of the data structure of an advanced HD video title set program chain information table (AHDVTS_PGCIT) recorded in advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) ;
 AHDVTS_PGCIT
 advanced HD video title set program chain information table
 FIG. 102
 is a view showing an example of the plane configuration upon super in posing output frames of respective modules in a video mixer shown in FIG. 100;
 FIG. 103
 is a view for explaining an example of time map information (TMAPI) including no time entry in a case wherein one TMAPI is stored in one TMAP file
 FIG. 104
 is a view for explaining an example of time map information (TMAPI) including no time entry in a case wherein one or more pieces (in this example, two pieces) of TMAPI are stored in one TMAP file;
 FIG. 105
 is a view for explaining the configuration of time map information for EVOBs which are allocated in an interleaved block and form angles;
 FIG. 106
 is a view showing an example of the data structure of a time map information table (TMAPIT) including no time entry;
 FIG. 107
 is a view showing an example of the data structure of time map information (TMAPI) including no time entry;
 FIG. 108
 is a view showing an example of the data structure of control packs (standard GCI_PCK and advanced GCI_PCK) including general control information (GCI);
 FIG. 109
 is a view showing an example of the data structure of general control information (GCI) ;
 FIG. 110
 is a view for explaining another example of the data structure of advanced HD video title set information (advanced VTSI) recorded in the advanced HD video title set recording area;
 FIG. Ill
 is a view showing an example of the data structure of an advanced HD video title set attribute information .table (AHDVTS_ATRIT) stored in the advanced VTSI in FIG. 110; and
 FIG. 112
 is a view showing an example of the data structure of an advanced HD video title set EVOB information table (AHDVTS_EVOBIT) stored in the advanced VTSI in FIG. 110.
 FIG. 113
 shows an example of a case (case 1) wherein one program stream obtained by multiplexing a primary object (movie object) and a secondary object (advanced object) is recorded on a disc, and the advanced object (secondary object) is independently "present as a program stream on an external communication line (Web) ;
 FIG. 114
 is a view for explaining a decoding model in the -case 1;
 FIG. 115
 shows an example of a case (case 2-1) wherein the program streams of the primary object and secondary object (two program streams obtained by multiplexing using pack units) are recorded on the disc, and the advanced object (secondary object) is independently present as the program stream on the external communication line (Web) ;
 FIG. 116
 is a view for explaining a decoding model in the case 2-1;
 FIG. 117
 shows an example of a case (case 2-2) wherein the program streams of the primary object and secondary object (two program streams obtained by multiplexing using access units) are recorded on the disc, and the advanced object (secondary object) is independently present as the program stream on the external communication line (Web) ;
 FIG. 118
 is a view for explaining a decoding model in the case 2-2;
 FIG. 119
 is a view for explaining an example (a case wherein private stream 1 is used to identify objects) of a stream ID which is used to identify the content of the primary object and secondary object;
 FIG. 120
 shows an example of the arrangement of a sub-stream ID for private stream 1 in the stream ID shown in FIG. 119;
 FIG. 121
 shows an example of the arrangement of a sub-stream ID for private stream 2 in the stream ID shown in FIG . 119 ;
 FIG. 122
 is a view for explaining another example (a case wherein private stream 3 is newly provided to identify objects) of a stream ID which is used to identify the content of the primary object and secondary object;
 FIG. 123
 shows an example of the arrangement of the sub-stream ID for private stream 1 in the stream ID shown in FIG. 122
 FIG. 124
 shows an example of the arrangement of the sub-stream ID for private stream 2 in the stream ID shown in FIG. 122;
 FIG. 125
 shows an example of the arrangement of a sub-stream ID for private stream 3 in the stream ID shown in FIG. 122;
 FIG. 126
 is a flowchart for explaining an example of a processing sequence when the primary object and/or secondary object is played back from the disc and/or external communication line (Web) ;
 FIG. 127
 is a view for explaining a playback path of the primary object and secondary object from the disc;
 FIG. 128
 is a view for explaining the playback path of the primary object from the disc and the secondary object from the external communication line (Web) ;
 FIG. 129
 shows an example of the data structure of a time map information table including a time map type flag (TMAP_TYPE_FL) ;
 FIG. 130
 is a view for explaining Markup description example 1;
 FIG. 131
 is a view for explaining Markup description example 2/
 FIG. 132
 is a view for explaining Markup description example 3.
 FIG. 133
 shows another example of a case (case Ia) wherein one program stream obtained by multiplexing a primary . object (movie object) and a secondary object (advanced object) is recorded on a disc, and the advanced obj-ect (secondary object) is independently present as a program stream on an external communication line (Web) /
 FIG. 134-
 shows still another example of a case (case Ib) wherein one program stream obtained by multiplexing a primary object (movie object) and a secondary object (advanced object) is recorded on a disc, and the advanced object (secondary object) is independently present as a program stream on an external communication line (Web) ;
 FIG. 135
 is a view for explaining a decoding model in the case Ia;
 FIG. 136
 is a view for explaining an example of a smoothing buffer operation in the decoding model in case Ia;
 FIG. 137
 shows an example of the outline of an advanced content on the disc;
 FIG. 138
 shows an example of the outline of a playback system model of the advanced content
 FIG. 139
 is a block diagram for explaining an example of a data flow in the playback system model of the advanced content
 FIG. 140
 is a block diagram for explaining another example of a data flow in the playback system model of the advanced content
 FIG. 141
 is a block diagram for explaining still another example of a data flow in the playback system model of the advanced content
 FIG. 142
 is a block diagram for explaining still another example of a data flow in the playback system model of the advanced content
 FIG. 143
 is a block diagram for explaining an example of an image output mixing model in the playback system model of the advanced content;
 FIG. 144
 shows a concrete example of the image output mixing model;
 FIG. 145
 is a block diagram for explaining an example of an audio output mixing model in the playback system model of the advanced content
 FIG. 146
 is a block diagram for explaining an example of a user interface process in the playback system model of the advanced content
 FIG. 147
 is a flowchart for explaining an example of a startup process after inserting the disc. Best Mode for Carrying Out the Invention
 FIG. 1
 is a view for explaining the information content recorded on a disc-shaped information storage medium according to the embodiment of the present invention.
 Information storage medium 1 shown in FIG. 1 (a)
 can be configured by a high-density optical disk (a high-density or high-definition digital versatile disc: HD_DVD for short) which uses, e.g., a red laser of a wavelength of 650 nm or a. blue laser of a wavelength of 405 nm (or less) .
 a high-density optical disk
 a high-density or high-definition digital versatile disc: HD_DVD for short
 Information storage medium 1
 includes lead-in area 10, data area 12, and lead-out area 13 from the inner periphery side, as shown in FIG. l(b) .
 This information storage medium 1
 adopts the ISO 9660 and UDF bridge structures as a file system, and has ISO 9660 and UDF volume/file structure information area 11 on the lead-in side of data area 12.
 Data area 12
 allows mixed allocations of video data recording area 20 used to record DVD-Video content (also called standard content or SD content) , another video data recording area (advanced content recording area used to record advanced content) 21, and general computer information recording area 22, as shown in FIG. 1 (c) .
 Video data recording area 20
 includes HD video manager (High Definition-compatible Video Manager [HDVMG] ) recording area 30 that records management information associated with the entire HD_DVD-Video content recorded in video data recording area 20, HD video title set (High Definition-compatible Video Title Set [HDVTS], also called standard VTS) recording area 40 which are arranged for respective titles, and record management information and video information (video objects) for respective titles together, and advanced HD video title set (advanced VTS) recording area [AHDVTS] 50, as shown in FIG. 1 (d) .
 HD video manager
 High Definition-compatible Video Manager [HDVMG]
 HD video title set
 High Definition-compatible Video Title Set [HDVTS]
 HDVTS
 High Definition-compatible Video Title Set
 AHDVTS
 advanced HD video title set
 HD video manager (HDVMG) recording area 30
 includes HD video manager information (High Definition- compatible Video Manager Information [HDVMGI]) area 31 that indicates management information associated with overall video data recording area 20, HD video manager information backup (HDVMGI_BUP) area 34 that records the same information as in HD video manager information area 31 as its backup, and menu video object (HDVMGMJVOBS) area 32 that records a top menu screen indicating whole video data recording area 20, as shown in FIG. 1 (e) .
 HD video manager recording area 30
 newly includes menu audio object (HDMENU_AOBS) ' area 33 that records audio information to be output in parallel upon menu display.
 An area of first play PGC language select menu VOBS
 An area of first play PGC language select menu VOBS
 (FP_PGCM_VOBS) 35
 which is executed upon first access immediately after disc (information storage medium) 1 is loaded into a disc drive is configured to record a screen that can set a menu description language code and the like.
 HD video title set (HDVTS) recording area 40
 that records management information and video information, (video objects) together for each title includes HD video title set information (HDVTSI) area 41 which records management information for all content in HD video title set recording area 40,_ HD video title set information backup (HDVTSI_BUP) area 44 which records the same information as in HD video title set information area 41 as its backup data, menu video object (HDVTSM_VOBS) area 42 which records information of menu screens for each video title set, and title video object (HDVTSTT_VOBS) area 43 which records video object data (title video information) in this video title set.
 FIG. 2
 is a view for explaining an example of a file system which manages content recorded on the discshaped information storage medium according to the embodiment of the present invention.
 the areas (30, 40) shown in FIG. 1
 form independent files in the file system having the ISO 9660 and UDF bridge structures.
 Conventional (standard SD) DVD-Video content
 are ⁇ allocated together under a directory named "VIDEO_TS".
 files according to the embodiment of the present invention
 have a configuration in which an HVDVD_TS directory for storing information files that handle High-Definition video data, and an ADV_OBJ directory for storing information files that handle advanced object data are allocated under a Root directory, as shown in, e.g., FIG. 2.
 the HVDVD_TS directory
 broadly includes a group of files which belong to a menu group used for a menu, and groups of files which belong to title set groups used for titles.
 an information file
 HVIOOOOl. IFO
 HVIOOOOl.BUP
 backup file
 playback data files
 HVMOOOOl.EVO to HVM00003.EVO
 an information file
 Furthermore, as the group of files that belong to an advanced title set group, an information file
 HVIAOOOl. IFO
 for a video title set having information used to manage an advanced title set
 its backup file
 HVIAOOOl.BUP
 the ADV_OBJ directory
 stores a startup information file (STARTUP.XML), loading information .file (LOADOOl.XML) , playback sequence information file (PBSEQOOl.XML) , markup language file (PAGEOOl.XML) , moving picture data, animation data, still picture data file, audio data file, font data file, and the like.
 the content of the startup information file
 include startup information of data such as moving picture data, animation data, still picture data, audio data, font data, a markup language used to control playback of these data, and the like.
 the loading information file
 records loading information (that can be described using a markup language/script language/stylesheet, and the like) , which describes information associated with files to be loaded onto a buffer in a playback apparatus, and the like.
 the playback sequence information file
 (PBSEQOOl.XML) records playback sequence information
 the markup language
 is a language that describes text attributes along commands which are defined in advance, and can give the font type, size, color, and the like to a character string as attributes.
 the markup language
 is a description language which describes structures (headings, hyperlinks, and the like) and modification information (character size, the state of composition, and the like) of sentences in these sentences by partially bounding special character strings called tags.
 FIG. 3
 shows an example of the detailed data structure in HD video manager information (HDVMGI) area 31 shown in FIG. 1 (e) .
 HD video manager information management table (HDVMGI_MAT) 310
 which records management information common to the entire HD_DVD-Video content recorded in video data recording area 20 together, is allocated.
 title search pointer table (TT_SRPT) 311
 that records information helpful to search (to detect the start positions of) titles present in the HD_DVD-Video content
 HD video manager menu program chain information unit table (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT) 312
 that records management information of a menu screen, which is separately allocated for each menu description language code used to display a menu
 parental management information table (PTL_MAIT) 313
 that records information for managing pictures fit or unfit for children to see as parental information
 HD video title set attribute information table (HDVTS_ATRT) 314
 that records attributes of title sets together
 text data manager (TXTDT_MG) 315
 that records text information to be displayed for the user together
 HD video manager menu cell address table (HDVMGM_C_ADT) 316
 that records information helpful to search for the start address of a cell that forms the menu screen
 HD video manager menu video object unit address map (HDVMGM VOBU ADMAP) 317
 that records address information of VOBU which indicates a minimum unit of video objects that form the
 HD video manager information management table (HDVMGI_MAT) 310
 to HD video manager menu video object unit address map (HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP) 317 matches that of the conventional DVD-Video management information.
 the field of HD menu audio object set information table (HDMENU_AOBSIT) 318 to be newly added
 is separately allocated after those which match the conventional DVD- Video management information.
 HDMENU_AOBSIT
 HD menu audio object set information table
 a description of a conventional control program using the conventional DVD-Video management information
 can be utilized upon practicing the present invention (the description of the control program using management information with the same data structure as in the conventional DVD-Video can be commonly used in the prior art and the present invention) .
 generation of a control program for an information playback apparatus
 according to the embodiment of the present invention can be simplified.
 FIG. 4
 shows an example of the detailed data structure in HD video manager information management table (HDVMGI_MAT) 310 in FIG. 3.
 this management table 310
 information of first play PGCI (FP_PGCI) that records language select menu management information for the user, the start address information (HDMENU_AOBS_SA) of an HDMENU_AOBS, the start address information (HDMENU_AOBSIT_SA) of an HDVMGM_AOBS information table, information of the number
 HDVMGM_GUST_Ns
 HDVMGM graphics unit streams
 HDVMGM graphics unit stream attribute information
 HDVMGM_GUST_ATR
 HD video manager information management table (HDVMGI_MAT) 310
 records various kinds of information: an HD video manager identifier (HDVMG_ID) , the end address (HDVMG_EA) of the HD video manager, the end address (HDVMGI_EA) of the HD video manager information, the version number (VERN) of the HD_DVD-Video standard, an HD video manager category (HDVMG_CAT) , a volume set identifier (VLMS_ID) , an adaptation identifier (ADP_ID) , the number (HDVTS_Ns) of HD video title sets, a provider unique identifier (PVR_ID), a POS code (POS_CD), the end address (HDVMGI_MAT_EA) of the HD video manager information management table, the start address (FP_PGCI_SA) of first
 HDVMG_ID
 the end address
 HDVMG_CAT
 includes RMA#1, RMA#2, RMA#3, RMA#4, RMA#5, RMA#6, RMA#7, and RMA#8 which are determined by dividing the world countries into predetermined regions, and indicate playback availability information in respective regions, and application type indicating the VMG category. Note that application type assumes the following values :
 FIG. 5
 shows an example of the internal structure of title search pointer table (TT_SRPT) 311 shown in FIG. 3.
 Title search pointer table (TT_SRPT) 311
 includes title search pointer table information (TT_SRPTI) 311a, and title search pointer (TT_SRP) information 311b.
 TT_SRPTI
 title search pointer table information
 TT_SRP
 title search pointer
 One or a plurality of pieces of title search pointer (TT_SRP) information 311b in title search pointer table (TT_SRPT) 311
 can be set in correspondence with the number of titles included in the HD_DVD-Video content.
 Title search pointer table information (TT_SRPTI) 311a
 records common management information of title search pointer table (TT_SRPT) 311: the number (TT_SRP_Ns) information of title search pointers included in title search pointer table (TT_SRPT) 311, and the end address (TT_SRPT_EA) information of title search pointer table (TT_SRPT) 311 in a file (HD_VMG00.HDI in FIG. 2) of the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) area.
 T_SRP
 title search pointer
 TT_PB_TY
 title playback type
 AGLJNIs
 the number of angles
 PT_Ns
 Part_of_Titles
 T_PTL_ID_FLD
 Parental_ID_Field (TT_PTL_ID_FLD) information, an HDVTS number (HDVTSN), an HDVTS title number (HDVTS_TTN) , and the start address (HDVTS_SA) of this HDVTS.
 HDVTSN
 HDVTS number
 HDVTS_TTN
 HDVTS title number
 HDVTS_SA
 start address
 FIG. 6
 shows an example of the internal structure of HD video manager menu PGCI unit table
 HDVMGM_PGCI_UT
 312 shown in FIG. 3.
 HD video manager menu PGCI unit table (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT) 312
 records HD video manager menu program chain information unit table information (HDVMGM_PGCI_UTI) 312a that records common management information in HD video manager menu PGCI unit table (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT) 312, HD video manager menu language units (HDVMGM_LU) 312c which are arranged for menu description language codes used to display a menu, and record management information associated with menu information, and the like.
 Table 312
 has information of HD video manager menu language units (HDVMGM_LU) 312c as many as the number of menu description language codes supported by the HD_DVD-Video content.
 HD video manager menu PGCI unit table
 (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT) .
 312
 has information of HD video manager menu language unit search pointers (HDVMGM_LU_SRP) 312b, which have the start address information of respective HD video manager menu language units (HDVMGM_LU) 312c, as many as the number of HD video manager menu language units (HDVMGM_L ⁇ ) 312c, so as to ' facilitate access to HD video manager menu language units (HDVMGM ⁇ LU) 312c for respective menu description language codes .
 HDVMGM_LU_SRP
 HD video manager menu language unit search pointers
 HD video manager menu PGCI unit table information (HDVMGM_PGCI_UTI) 312a
 has information of the number (HDVMGM_LU_Ns) of HD video manager menu language units, and the end address (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT_EA) of this HD video manager menu PGCI unit table (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT) 312 in a file (HD_VMG00.HDI in FIG. 2) of the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) area.
 Each HD video manager menu language unit search pointer (HDVMGM_LU_SRP) information 312b
 has not only differential address information (HDVMGM_UT_SA) from the start position of HD video manager menu PGCI unit table (HDVMGM_PGCIJJT) 312 in the file (HD_VMG00.HDI in FIG. 2) of the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) area to the head position of corresponding HD video manager menu language unit (HDVMGM_LU) 312c, but also information of an HD video manager menu language code (HDVMGM_LCD) indicating the menu description language code of corresponding HD video manager menu language unit (HDVMGM_LU) 312c, and information of the .
 HDVMGM_EXST
 presence/absence of an HD video manager menu indicating if corresponding HD video manager menu ' language unit (HDVMGM LU) 312c has a menu screen to be displayed for the user as a video object (VOB or EVOB) .
 VOB
 video object
 FIG. 7
 shows an example of the detailed data structure in HD video manager menu language unit #n (HDVMGM_LU#n) 312c (FIG. 6) recorded in ⁇ HD video manager menu PGCI unit table (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT) 312 shown in FIG. 3.
 HD video manager menu language unit (HDVMGM_LU) 312c
 has the following pieces of information: HD video manager menu language unit information (HDVMGM_LUI) 312cl that records common management information associated with a menu in HD video manager menu language unit (HDVMGM_LU) 312c, HD video manager menu program chain information (HDVMGM_PGCI) 312c3 having a structure shown in FIG.
 HDVMGM_PGCI_SRP#1 to HDVMGM_PGCI_SRP#n
 information 312c2 of HDVMGM_PGCI search pointers (HDVMGM_PGCI_SRP#1 to HDVMGM_PGCI_SRP#n) each indicating a differential address from the head position of HD video manager menu language unit (HDVMGM_LU) 312c to that of each HD video manager menu program chain information (HDVMGM_PGCI) 312c3 in the file (HD_VMG00..HDI in FIG. 2) of the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) area.
 HDVMGM_PGCI_SRP#1 to HDVMGM_PGCI_SRP#n
 information 312c2 of HDVMGM_PGCI search pointers
 HD video manager menu language unit information (HDVMGM_LUI) 312cl allocated in the first field (group) in HD video manager menu language unit #n (HDVMGM_LU#n) 312c
 has information associated with the number
 HDVMGM_PCGI_SRP_Ns
 HDVMGM_PGCI_SRP data
 HDVMGM LU EA
 end address information of the HDVMGM_LU.
 Each information 312c of HDVMGM_PGCI search pointers
 (HDVMGM_PGCI_SRP#1 to HDVMGM_PGCI_SRP#n) has start address (HDVMGM_PGCI_SA) information of the HDVMGM_PGCI and HDVMGM_PGC category (HDVMGM_PGC_CAT) information.
 FIG. 8
 shows an example of the recording content of the HDVMGM_PGC category (HDVMGM_PGC_CAT) shown in FIG. 7.
 HDVMGM_PGC category information (HDVMGM__PGC_CAT) in HDVMGM_PGCI search pointer #n (HDVMGM_PGCI_SRP#n) 312c2
 records selection information of audio information which is to be simultaneously played back upon displaying an HD content menu in the embodiment of the present invention on the screen, and an audio information selection flag (audio selection information) indicating start/end trigger information of audio information playback.
 audio selection information
 As audio data which is to be simultaneously played back upon displaying the HD content menu in the embodiment of the present invention on the screen, the following audio data can be selected:
 menu audio object area (HDMENU_AOBS) 33
 can store a plurality of types of menu AOB (HDMEN ⁇ _A0B) data, as shown in FIG. 19.
 An audio selection number (audio number information) shown in FIG. 8
 can be used as selection information of menu AOB (HDMENU_AOB) to be simultaneously played back upon displaying the menu display PGC of interest. This audio information number can be used to "select which menu AOB from the top" of those which are allocated as menu AOB selection candidates, as shown in FIG. 19.
 FIG. 8
 shows entry type information used to check if a PGC of interest is an entry PGC, menu ID information indicating a menu identification (e.g., a title menu or the like), block mode information, block type information, PTL_ID_FLD information, and the like.
 FIG. 9
 shows an example of the data structure in parental management information table (PTL_MAIT) 313 shown in FIG. 3. As shown in, e.g., FIG.
 parental management information table 313
 includes parental management information table information (PTL_MAITI) 313a, one or more parental management information search pointers (PTL_MAI_SRP#1 to PTL_MAI_SRP#n) 313b, and a plurality of pieces of parental management information, (PTL_MAI#1 to PTL_MAI#n) 313c as many as the number of search pointers .
 parental management information table information
 PTL_MAITI
 Each parental management information search pointer (PTL_MAI_SRP) 313b
 records information such as a country code (CTY_CD) , the start address (PTL_MAI_SA) of the PTL_MAI, and the like.
 FIG. 10
 shows an example of the data structure in parental management information (PTL_MAI) 313c shown in FIG. 9.
 This parental management information (PTL_MAI) 313c
 has one or more pieces of parental level information (PTL_LVLI) 313cl.
 Each parental level information (PTL_LVLI) 313cl
 includes information of parental ID field (PTL_ID_FLD_HDVMG) 313cll for HDVMG, and parental ID field (PTL_ID_FLD_HDVTS) 313cl2 for HDVTS.
 Information of each parental ID field (PTL_ID_FLD_HDVTS) 313cl2 for HDVTS
 can store parental ID field (PTL_ID_FLD) for PGC selection.
 FIG. 11
 shows an example of the data structure of HD video title set attribute information table (HDVTS_ATRT) 314 shown in FIG. 3.
 this HD video title set attribute information table 314
 includes: HD video title set attribute table information (HDVTS_ATRTI) 314a having information of the number (HDVTS_Ns) o f HDVTS data and the end address (HDVTS_ATRT_EA) of the HDVTS_ATRT; HDVTS video title set attribute search pointers (HDVTS_ATR_SRP) 314b each of which records information of the start address (HDVTS_ATR_SA) of the HDVTS_ATR; and HDVTS video title set attributes (HDVTS_ATR) 314c each having information of the end address (HDVTS_ATRT_EA) of the HDVTS_ATR, HD video title set category (HDVTS_CAT) , and HD video title set attribute information (HDVTS_ATRI) .
 HDVTS_ATRTI
 HD video title set attribute
 FIG. 12
 shows an example of the data structure of text data manager (TXTDT_MG) 315 shown in FIG. 3.
 this text data manager 315
 includes text data manager information (TXTDT_MGI) 315a having information of a text data identifier (TXTDT_ID) , the number (TXTDT LU Ns) of TXTDT LU data, and the end address (TXTDT_MG_EA) of the text data manager; text data language unit search pointers (TXTDT_LU_SRP) 315b each of which records various kinds of information including a text data language code (TXTDT_LCD) , a character set (CHRS) , and the start address
 TXTDT_LCD
 text data language code
 CHRS
 character set
 TXTDT_LU_SA
 of the TXTDT_L ⁇ ; and text data language units (TXTDT_LU) 315c.
 FIG. 13
 shows an example of the internal data structure of text data language unit (TXTDT_L ⁇ ) 315c.
 this text data language unit 315c
 includes various kinds of information: text data language unit information (TXTDT_LUI) 315cl that records the.
 TXTDT_LUI
 text data language unit information
 TXTDT_LU_EA
 end address
 FIG. 14
 shows an example of the internal data structure of text data (TXTDT) 315c4.
 this text data 315c4
 records various, kinds of information: text data information (TXTDTI) 315c41 having information of the number (IT_TXT_SRP_Ns) of IT_TXT_SRP data; item text search pointers (IT_TXT_SRP) 315c42 each of which records an item text identifier code (IT_TXT_IDCD) and the start address (IT_TXT_SA) information of the IT_TXT; and item text (IT_TXT) data 315c43.
 FIG. 15
 shows an example of the data structure of
 this HD video manager menu cell address table 316
 records various kinds of information: HD video manager menu cell address table information (HDVMGM_C_ADTI) 316a having information of the number (HDVMGM_VOB_Ns) of VOB data in HDVMGM_VOBS and the end address (HDVMGM_C_ADT_EA) of the HDVMGM_C_ADT; and a plurality of pieces of HD video manager menu cell piece information (HDVMGM_CPI) 316b each of which records information of a VOB_ID number (HDVMGM_V0B_IDN) of an HDVMGM_CP, a CeIl-ID number (HDVMGM_C_IDN) of the HDVMGM_CP, the start address (HDVMGM_CP_SA) of the HDVMGM_CP, and the end address (HDVMGM_CP_EA) of the HDVMGM_CP ("CP" of HDVMGMGM_C_
 FIG. 16
 shows an example of the data structure of HD video manager menu video object unit address map (HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP) 317 shown in FIG. 3.
 this HD video manager menu video object unit address map 317
 records various kinds of information: HD video manager menu video object unit address map information (HDVMGM VOBU ADMAPI) 317a having information of the end address (HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP_EA) of the HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP; and start addresses (HDVMGM_VOBU_AD#1 to HDVMGM_VOBU_AD#n) 317b of HDVMGM_VOBU data.
 HDVMGM VOBU ADMAPI
 HD video manager menu video object unit address map information
 start addresses
 HDVMGM_VOBU_AD#1 to HDVMGM_VOBU_AD#n
 FIG. 17
 shows the management information content for menu audio object (HDMENU_AOB) itself, and shows an example of the internal data structure of HD menu audio object set information table (HDMENU_AOBSIT) 318 shown in FIG. 3 stored in HD video manager information (HDVMGI) area 31 shown in FIG. 1 (e) .
 HDMENU_AOB
 HD menu audio object set information table
 HDVMGI
 HD video manager information
 HD menu audio object set information table information (HDMENU_AOBSITI) 318a allocated at the first field, of HD menu audio object set information table 318
 stores HDMENU_AOB_Ns as information of the number of AOB data in HDMENU_AOBS, and the end address information (HDMENU_AOBSIT_EA) of the HDMENU_AOBSIT.
 a plurality of types of menu audio objects (audio data)
 can be recorded in information storage medium 1.
 one or more pieces of HD menu audio object information (HDMEN ⁇ _AOBI) 318b
 are allocated after HD menu audio object set information table information 318a.
 Each HD menu audio object information (HDMENU_AOBI) 318b
 indicates management information for each individual menu audio object (audio data) , and includes playback information (HDMENU_AOB_PBI) of HDMENU_AOB, attribute information (HDMENU_AOB_ATR) of HDMENU_AOB, the start address information (HDMENU_AOB_SA) of HDMENU_AOB#n (HDMENU_AOB of interest) , and the end address information (HDMENU_AOB_EA) of HDMENU_AOB#n (HDMENU_AOB of interest) .
 FIG. 18
 shows an example of the data structure of menu video object area (HDVMGM_VOBS) 32 shown in FIG. 1 (e) , which is stored together in, e.g., file HD_VMG01.HDV (file HD_VMG01.HDV can be stored as a file in the menu group in FIG. 2; not shown) .
 menu screens
 video objects which record an identical menu screen using different menu description language codes are allocated in juxtaposition with this menu video object area 32. In this way, a plurality of menu screens of a plurality of languages, are prepared, and a menu screen can be displayed by arbitrarily selecting one of a plurality of them.
 a Japanese menu
 can be displayed; when only one English menu VOB is selected, an English menu can be displayed.
 the display screen
 is configured to display multi-windows, and the Japanese menu VOB and English menu VOB are selected, the Japanese and English menus can be displayed on the multi-windows.
 FIG. 19
 shows an example of the data structure of menu audio object area (HDMENU AOBS) 33 recorded in the HD video manager (HDVMG) recording area.
 a plurality of types of menu audio objects
 can be recorded in information storage medium 1.
 Each menu audio object (AOB)
 is recorded at a location in menu audio object area (HDMENU_AOBS) 33 in HD video manager recording area (HDVMG) 30, as shown in, e.g., FIG. 1.
 This menu audio object area (HDMENU_AOBS) 33
 forms one file with, e.g., file name HD_MENUO.HDA (file HD_MENUO.HAD can be a file in the menu group in FIG. 2; not shown) .
 Respective menu audio objects (AOB)
 are allocated and recorded in turn in menu audio object area (HDMENU_AOBS) 33 that forms one file with file name HD_MENU0.HAD, as shown in FIG. 19.
 FIG. 20
 shows an example of the data structure of
 HD video title set information (HDVTSI) 41
 recorded in each HD video title set (HDVTS#n) recording area.
 This HD video title set information 41
 is recorded together in file HVIOOlOl. IFO and/or HVIAOOOl. IFO shown in, e.g., FIG. 2 (or independent file VTSOOlOO. IFO in the DVD-Video content; not shown) .
 FIG. 20
 the interior of HD video title set information (HDVTSI) 41 shown in FIG.
 HD video title set information management table
 (HDVTSI_MAT) 410, HD video title set PTT search pointer table (HDVTS_PTT_SRPT) 411, HD video title set program chain information table (HDVTS_PGCIT) 412, HD video title set menu PGCI unit able (HDVTSM_PGCI_UT) 413, HD video title set time map table (HDVTS_TMAPT) 414, HD video title set menu cell address table (HDVTSM_C_ADT) 415, HD video title set menu video object unit address map (HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP) 416, HD video title set cell address table (HDVTS_C_ADT) 417, and HD video title set video object unit address map (HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAP) 418.
 HDVTSI_MAT
 HD video title set information management table
 HDVTS_PTT_SRPT
 HD video title set program chain information table
 HDVTS_PGCIT
 HD video title set menu PGCI unit able
 HD video title set information management table (HDVTSI_MAT) 410
 records management information common to the corresponding video title set. Since this common management information (HDVTSI_MAT) is allocated in the first field (management information group) in HD video title set information (HDVTSI) area 41, the common management information in the video title set can be immediately loaded (before the beginning of object playback) . Hence, the playback control process of the information playback apparatus can be simplified, and the control processing time can be shortened.
 FIG. 21
 shows an example of the data structure of the HD video title set information management table (HDVTSI_MAT) recorded in the HD video title set information (HDVTSI) .
 Management information associated with graphics units included in the HDVTS
 is recorded in HD video title set information management table (HDVTSI_MAT) 410 (see FIG. 20), which is allocated in the first field (group) in HD video title set information (HDVTSI) area 41 shown in FIG. l(f) .
 Detailed management information content
 are as shown in FIG. 21.
 information of the number of graphics unit streams and attribute information
 are separately recorded for a menu screen and title (display picture) in the HDVTS as information of the number (HDVTSM_GUST_Ns) of HDVTSM graphics unit streams, HDVTSM graphics unit stream attribute information (HDVTSM_GUST_ATR) , information of the number (HDVTS_GUST_Ns) of HDVTS graphics unit streams, and HDVTS graphics unit stream attribute table information (HDVTS_GUST_ATRT) . Also, as shown in FIG.
 HD video title set information management table (HDVTSIJMAT) 410
 records various kinds of information: an HD video title set identifier (HDVTS_ID) , the end address (HDVTS_EA) of the HDVTS, the end address (HDVTSI_EA) of the HDVTSI, the version number (VERN) of the HD_DVD-Video standard, an HDVTS category (HDVTS_CAT) , the end address (HDVTSI_MAT_EA) of the HDVTSI_MAT, the start address (HDVTSM_VOBS_SA) of the HDVTSM_VOBS, the start address (HDVTSTT_VOBS_SA) of the HDVTSTT_VOBS, the start address (HDVTS_PTT_SRPT___SA) of the HDVTS_PTT_SRPT, the start address (HDVTS_PGCIT_SA) of the HDVTS_PGCIT, the start address (HDVTSM PGCI UT SA) of the HDVTSM_PGCI_UT
 HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP_SA
 of the HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP
 start address
 (HDVTS_C_ADT_SA) of the HDVTS_C_ADT
 start address
 (HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAP_SA) of the HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAP
 an HDVTSM video attribute
 (HDVTSM_V_ATR)
 the number
 (HDVTSM_AST_Ns) of HDVTSM audio streams
 HDVTSM audio stream attribute
 HDVTSM_AST_ATR
 start address (HDVTSM_SPST_Ns) of the number of HDVTSM sub-picture streams
 (HDVTSM sub-picture stream attribute (HDVTSM_SPST_ATR)
 attribute
 (HDVTS_V_ATR) , the number (HDVTS_AST_Ns) of HDVTS audio streams, an HDVTS audio stream attribute table (HDVTS_AST_ATRT) , the number
 HDVTS_SPST_Ns
 of HDVTS sub-picture streams
 HDVTS_SPST_ATRT
 an HDVTS sub-picture stream attribute table
 HDVTS_MU_AST_ATRT
 an HDVTS multi-channel audio stream attribute table
 HD video title set PTT search pointer table
 (HDVTS_PTT_SRPT) 411 shown in FIG. 19.
 This HD video title set PTT search pointer table 411
 includes various kinds of information: PTT search pointer table information (PTT_SRPTI) 411a having information of the number (HDVTS_TTU_Ns) of HDVTS TTU data and the end address (HDVTS PTT SRPT EA) of the HDVTS PTT SRPT; title unit search pointers (TTU_SRP) 411b each of which records information of the start address (TTU_SA) of the TTU; and PTT search pointers (PTT_SRP) 411c having information of a program chain number (PGCN) and program number (PGN) .
 PTT search pointer table information
 (PTT_SRPTI) 411a having information of the number (HDVTS_TTU_Ns) of HDVTS TTU data and the end address (HDVTS PTT SRPT EA) of the HDVTS P
 FIG. 23
 shows an example of the data structure of HD video title set program chain information table (HDVTS_PGCIT) recorded in the HD video title set information (HDVTSI) .
 HDVTS_PGCIT
 HD video title set program chain information table
 HDVTSI
 HD video title set program chain information
 HDVTS_PGCIT
 412 also records information of HD video title set PGCI information table (HDVTS_PGCITI) 412a including information of the number (HDVTS_PGCI_SRP_Ns) of HDVTS_PGCI_SRP data and the end address (HDVTS_PGCIT_EA) of the HDVTS_PGCIT.
 HDVTS_PGCI search pointer (HDVTS_PGCI_SRP) 412b
 records information of the start address (HDVTS PGCI SA) of the HDVTS_PGCI together with the aforementioned HDVTS_PGC category (HDVTS_PGC_CAT) .
 FIG. 24
 shows an example of the recording content of the HDVTS_PGC category (HDVTS_PGC_CAT) .
 the update permission flag of resume information (RSM permission Flag) shown in FIG. 24
 designates whether or not the content of resume information are to be updated after playback of the HDVTS_PGC of interest starts (whether or not resume information is updated as needed in correspondence with the playback state of the PGC of interest) . That is, the following process is made in correspondence with the flag:
 HDVTS_PGC
 program chain in the video title set according to the embodiment of the present invention
 the HDVTS_PGC category
 can record entry type information used to check if a PGC of interest is an entry PGC, title number information in a VTS (video title set) indicated by the corresponding PGC, block mode information, block type information, PTL_ID_FLD information, and the like.
 FIG. 25
 shows an example of the data structure in HD video title set menu PGCI unit table (HDVTSM_PGCI_UT) 413 shown in FIG. 20.
 This HD video title set menu PGCI unit table 413
 includes various kinds of information: HD video title set menu program chain information unit table information (HDVTSM_PGCI_UTI) 413a having information of the number (HDVTSM_L ⁇ _Ns) of HD video title set menu language units and the end address (HDVTSM_PGCI_UT_EA) of the HDVTSM_PGCI_UT; HD video title set menu language unit search pointers (HDVTSM_LU_SRP) 413b each of which records information of an HD video title set menu language code (HDVTSM_LCD) , the presence/absence (HDVTSM_EXST) of a HD video title set menu, and the start address (HDVTSM_LU_SA) of the HDVTSM_LU; and HD video title set menu language units (HDVTSM_LU) 413c.
 FIG. 26
 shows an example of the data structure in HD video title set menu language unit (HDVTSM_LU) 413c.
 this HD video title set menu language unit 413c
 includes: HD video title set menu language unit information (HDVTSM_LUI) 413cl having information of the number (HDVTSM_PGCI_SRP_Ns) of
 HDMENU_AOB
 As the setting location of information that refers to (designates) the menu AOB (HDMENU_AOB) , in the embodiment of the present invention, as for a menu for each HDVTS, that information is allocated in the
 HDVTSM_PGC category information
 (HDVTSM_PGC_CAT) in HDVTSM_PGCI search pointer #n (HDVTSM_PGCI_SRP#n) 413c2, as shown in FIG. 26.
 FIG. 27
 shows an example of the recording content of the HDVTSM_PGC category (HDVTSM_PGC_CAT) .
 AOB Number information in the HDVTSM_PGC category information (HDVTSM_PGC_CAT) shown in FIG. 27
 means AOB number information (AOB Number) which designates AOB number #n (indicating which AOB of menu AOB (HDMENU_AOB) data which are arranged, as shown in FIG. 19 corresponds to) to be played back in HDMENU_AOBU.
 audio selection information
 means selection information of audio information which is to be simultaneously played back upon displaying an HD content menu in the embodiment of the present invention on the screen, and an audio information selection flag (audio selection information) indicating start/end trigger information of audio information playback.
 menu audio object area (HDMENU_AOBS) 33
 can store a plurality of types of menu AOB (HDMENU_AOB) data, as shown in FIG. 19. Audio number information shown in FIG. 27 indicates selection information of menu AOB (HDMENU_AOB) data to be simultaneously played back upon displaying the menu display PGC of interest. This Audio Number information as the selection information of menu AOB data is used to "select which menu AOB from the top" of those which are allocated in FIG.
 HDVTSM_PGC_CAT
 records entry type information used to check if a PGC of interest is an entry PGC, menu ID information indicating a menu identification (e.g., a title menu or the like) , block mode information, block type information, PTL_ID_FLD information, and the like.
 FIG. 28
 shows an example of the data structure in HD video title set time map table (HDVTS_TMAPT) 414 shown in FIG. 20.
 This HD video title set time map table 414
 includes various kinds of information: HD video title set time map table information
 HDVTS_TMAPTI
 414a that describes information of the number (HDVTS_TMAP_Ns) of HDVTS_TMAP data and the end address (HDVTS_TMAPT_EA) of the HDVTS_TMAPT; HD video title set time map search pointer (HDVTS_TMAP_SRP) 414b having information of the start address (HDVTS_TMAP_SA) of the HDVTS_TMAP; and HD video title set time maps (HDVTS_TMAP) 414c each of which records information of the length (TMU) of a time unit (sec) as a reference in a map entry, the number (MAP_EN_Ns) of map entries, and a map entry table (MAP_ENT) .
 FIG. 29
 shows an example of the data structure in HD video title set menu cell address table (HDVTSM_C_ADT) 415 shown in FIG. 20.
 this HD video title set menu cell address table 415
 includes various kinds of information: HD video title set menu cell address table information (HDVTSM_C_ADTI) 415a having information of the number (HDVTSM_VOB_Ns) of VOB data in an HDVTM_VOBS and the end address (HDVTSM_C_ADT_EA) of the HDVTSM_C_ADT; and a plurality of pieces of HD video title set menu cell piece information (HDVTSM_CPI) 415b each of which records information of a VOB ID number (HDVTSM VOB IDN) of an HDVTSM_CP, a Cell_ID number (HDVTSM_C_IDN) of the HDVTSM_CP, the start address (HDVTSM_CP_SA) of the HDVTSM_CP, and the end address (HDVTSM_CP_EA) of the HD
 HD video title set menu video object unit address map
 (HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP) 416 shown in FIG. 20. As shown in FIG. 30, this HD video title set menu video object unit address map 416 includes: HD video title set menu video object unit address map information
 HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAPI
 416a that describes the information of the end address (HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP_EA) of the HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP, and information of HD video title set menu video object unit addresses (HDVTSM_V0BU_AD) 416b each having information of the start address (HDVTSM_VOBU_SA) of an HDVTSM_VOBU.
 FIG. 31
 shows an example of the data structure in HD video title set cell address table (HDVTS_C_ADT) 417 shown in FIG. 20.
 this HD video title set cell address table 417
 includes various kinds of information: HD video title set cell address table information (HDVTS_C_ADTI) 417a having the information of the number (HDVTS_VOB_Ns) of VOB data in an HDVTS_VOBS and the end address (HDVTS_C_ADT_EA) of the HDVTS_C_ADT; and a plurality of pieces of HD video title set cell piece information (HDVTS_CPI) 417b each including a VOB_ID number (HDVTS_VOB_IDN) of an HDVTS_CP, a Cell_ID number (HDVTS_C__IDN) of the HDVTS_CP, the start address (HDVTS_CP_SA) of the HDVTS_CP, and the end address (HDVTS_CP_EA) of the HDVTS_
 HD video title set video object unit address map
 (HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAP) 418 shown in FIG. 20.
 this HD video title set video object unit address map 418
 includes various kinds of information: HD video title set video object unit address map information (HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAPI) 418a having information of the end address (HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAP_EA) of the HDVTS_VOB ⁇ _ADMAP; and HD video title set video object unit addresses (HDVTS_VOBU_AD) 418b each of which records information of the start address (HDVTS_VOBU_SA) of each HDVTS_VOBU.
 HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAP
 HD video title set video object unit address map
 FIG. 33
 shows an example of the data structure of program chain general information (PGC_GI) included in program chain information (PGCI: corresponding to one of HDVTS_PGCI in, e.g., FIG. 23), and the recording content of a PGC graphics unit stream control table (PGC_GUST_CTLT) and resume/audio category (RSM&AOB_CAT) stored in this PGCI.
 PGC_GI
 program chain general information
 the information of the update permission flag of resume information (RSM permission flag) and audio information selection flag (audio selection information) /audio information number (audio number information) as some of characteristic features according to the embodiment of the present invention
 are stored in PGCI search pointer information in the existing example (see FIGS. 26, 27, etc.).
 the present invention
 is not limited to this.
 the PGCI
 itself can store the update permission flag information of resume information and audio information selection flag/audio information number.
 FIG. 33
 is FIG. 33.
 the PGCI information shown in FIG. 33
 corresponds to: a] HD video manager menu program chain information (HDVMGM_PGCI) 312c3 which is shown in FIG. 7 in association with each HD video manager menu language unit (HDVMGM_L ⁇ ) 312c in FIG.
 HD video manager menu PGCI unit table
 (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT) 312 (FIG. 3) in HD video manager information.
 HDVMGI
 HD video title set menu program chain information
 HDVTSM_PGCI
 HD video title set menu program chain information
 HDVTSM_PGCI
 HD video title set menu program chain information
 HDVTSM_PGCI
 HD video title set menu program chain information
 HDVTSM_PGCI
 HD video title set menu program chain information
 HDVTSM_PGCI
 HDVTSM_PGCI 413c3 shown in FIG. 26 which is allocated in each HD video title set menu language unit (HDVTSM_LU) 413c in FIG. 25 in HD video title set menu PGCI unit table (HDVTSM_PGCIJJT) 413 in FIG. 20 that shows the data structure in HD video title set information (HDVTSI) area 41 in FIG. l(f); and c] HDVTS_PGCI 412c (FIG.
 HD video title set program chain information table
 (HDVTS_PGCIT) 412 in FIG. 20 that shows the data structure in HD video title set information (HDVTSI) area 41 in FIG. l(f) (the PGCI information shown in FIG. 33 can be allocated in one of the above three locations (a) to (c) ) .
 the program chain information
 includes five fields (five management information groups), i.e., program chain general information (PGC_GI) 50, program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) 51, program chain program map (PGC_PGMAP) 52, cell playback information table (C_PBIT) 53, and cell position information table (C_POSIT) 54.
 PSC_GI
 program chain general information
 PPC_CMDT
 program chain command table
 PPC_PGMAP
 program chain program map
 C_PBIT
 cell playback information table
 C_POSIT
 cell position information table
 RSM&AOB_CAT
 stores the update permission flag of resume information (RSM permission information) , audio information selection flag (audio selection information) and audio information number (audio number information) .
 This RSM permission information
 have the same meaning as the content described using FIG. 24. Also, the content of the audio information selection flag or audio information number match those described using FIG. 8 or 27.
 the RSM & AOB category information
 (RSM&AOB_CAT) records entry type information used to check if a PGC of interest is an entry PGC, block mode information, block type information, and PTL_ID_FLD information.
 PGC_GUST_CTLT
 Information in the PGC graphics unit stream control table (PGC_GUST_CTLT) that records control information associated with graphics unit streams allocated in the PGC is independently recorded in each of a PGC_GUST_CTL (PGC_GUST#0) field of HD graphics unit stream #0, a PGC_GUST_CTL (PGC_GUST#1) field of SD wide graphics unit stream #1, a PGC_GUST_CTL (PGC_GUST#2) field of 4 : 3 (SD) graphics unit stream #2, and a PGC_GUST_CTL (PGC_GUST#3) field of letterbox (SD) graphics unit stream #3 as independent fields in correspondence with four different types of pictures (an HD picture at 16 : 0, SD picture at 16 : 9, SD picture at 4 : 3, and SD picture at letterbox) , as shown in FIG. 33.
 program chain general information (PGC_GI) 50
 records various kinds of information including PGC content (PGC_CNT), a PGC playback time (PGC_PB_TM), PGC user operation control (PGC_UOP_CTL) , a PGC audio stream control table (PGC_AST_CTLT) , a PGC sub-picture stream control table (PGC_SPST_CTLT) , PGC navigation control (PGC_NV_CTL) , a PGC sub-picture palette (PGC_SP_PLT) , the start address (PGC_CMDT_SA) of the PGC_CMDT, the start address (PGC_PGMAP_SA) of the PGC_PGMAP, the start address (C_PBIT_SA) of the C_PBIT, and the start address (C POSIT SA) of the C POSIT.
 PGC_CMDT_SA
 start address
 PGC_PGMAP_SA
 start address of the PGC_PGMAP
 C_PBIT_SA
 start address
 FIG. 34
 shows an example of the program chain command table (PGCI_CMDT) included in the program chain information (PGCI) .
 PGCI_CMDT
 program chain command table
 FIG. 34
 shows a plurality of pieces of command information to be applied to each PGC.
 PGC_CMDT
 program chain command table
 the allocation of this PGCI information
 can be one of the three locations (a) to (c) , as described using FIG. 33.
 a resume (RSM) command sequence (or resume sequence)
 is recorded in program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) 51, as shown in FIG. 34.
 the information content of the resume sequence (resume command sequence) in the embodiment of the present, invention
 is described in a format in which RSM commands (RSM_CMD) 514 are allocated in juxtaposition with the field of command table 51.
 RSM_CMD
 RSM commands
 One RSM command (RSM_CMD) 514 described in one column in FIG. 34
 means one command that can be designated in the HD_DVD-Video content in the present invention, and RSM commands (RSM_CMD) 514 allocated in the resume (RSM) command sequence field are successively (sequentially) executed in turn from the top.
 a sequence of cell commands (C_CMD) 513 in FIG. 34
 also means a sequential command sequence. That is, command processes are sequentially executed in turn from the top in accordance with the arrangement order of cell commands (C CMD) 513 shown in FIG. 34.
 C CMD
 arrangement order of cell commands
 a structure that can designate some of cell command processing sequences for each cell
 (the first cell command number at which the sequential process of cell command is to start, and the execution range of the sequential process of cell commands for each cell) in a series of cell command processing sequences designated from cell command #1 (C_CMD#1) to cell command #k (C_CMD#k) is adopted. Referring to FIG.
 RSM command (RSM_CMD) 514
 indicates a part of a command sequence which is executed "immediately before playback from the middle of a PGC" whose playback was interrupted previously after the control returns from, e.g., a menu screen to the PGC of interest.
 pre-command (PRE_CMD) 511
 means a command executed "immediately before the PGC of interest is to be played back from the beginning".
 POST_CMD
 post command
 the upper limit of a total value obtained by adding the number of pre-commands (PRE_CMD) 511, that of post commands (POST_CMD) 512, that of cell commands (C_CMD) 513, and that of RSM commands (RSM_CMD) 514 that can be allocated in one program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) 51
 is specified to be 1023.
 C_CMD
 1023 cell commands
 FIG. 35
 shows an example of the content of program chain command table information (PGC_CMDTI) and those of each resume command (RSM_CMD) included in the program chain command table (PGCI_CMDT) .
 program chain command table information (PGC_CMDTI) 510
 records PRE_CMD_Ns as information indicating the number of pre-commands (PRE_CMD) 511, POST_CMD_Ns as information indicating the number of post commands (POST_CMD) 512, C_CMD_Ns as information indicating the number of cell commands (C_CMD) 513, and RSM__CMD_Ns as information indicating the number of RSM commands (RSM_CMD) 514, which can be allocated in one program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) 51.
 PRE_CMD_Ns
 as information indicating the number of pre-commands (PRE_CMD) 511
 POST_CMD_Ns
 as information indicating the number of post commands
 RSM_CMD
 A detailed data structure in RSM command .
 PPC_CMDT
 program chain command table
 ⁇ 51
 A detailed data structure in RSM command .
 RSM CMD
 The detailed data structure in RSM command (RSM CMD) 514 will be described in this paragraph, but the data structures in pre-coiranand (PRE_CMD) 511, post command (POST_CMD) 512, and cell command (C_CMD) 5i3 are the same as the detailed data structure in RSM command (RSM_CMD) 514.
 PRE_CMD
 pre-coiranand
 POST_CMD
 post command
 C_CMD
 cell command
 an "8-byte" field
 is merely assigned to each command, as shown in FIG. 35.
 This command
 stores "command ID-I” data shown in FIG. 42 in its MSB to the third bit in 8 bytes.
 the data content of the following bits
 are different depending on the value of "command type” shown in FIG. 42, but they commonly have information of "comparison I-flag", “compare field”, and the like shown in FIG. 42 independently of the command type.
 FIG. 36
 shows an example of the data structures in program chain program map (PGC_PGMAP) 52 and cell position information table (C_POSIT) 54 allocated in the program chain information (PGCI) .
 program chain program map (PGC_PGMAP) 52
 a plurality of pieces of program entry cell number 520 information that record entry cell numbers (EN_CN) indicating the cell numbers corresponding to entries are allocated in correspondence with the number of entries.
 Cell position information table (C_POSIT) 54
 has a structure in which a plurality of pieces of cell position information (C_POSI) 540 each including a pair of a cell VOB_ID number (C_VOB_IDN) and cell ID number (C_IDN) are allocated in turn.
 FIG. 34
 shows the structure that can designate some of cell command processing sequences for each cell (the first cell command number at which the sequential process of cell command is to start, and the execution range of the sequential process of cell commands for each cell) in a series of cell command processing sequences designated from cell command #1 (C_CMD#1) to cell command #k (C_CMD#k) is adopted.
 FIG. 37
 shows execution range information of the sequential process of cell commands which can be set for each cell.
 the PGCI information
 can be allocated at the three locations (a) to (c) .
 Management information associated with individual cells that form a PGC
 is recorded in cell playback information (C_PBI) 530 in cell playback information table (C_PBIT) 53 in the PGCI as the management information of the PGC of interest, as shown in FIG. 37.
 C_CMD_SN
 cell command start number information
 C_PBI
 cell playback information
 the execution range of the sequential process of cell command to be executed by the cell of interest
 is designated.
 a command sequence of the range designated by the cell command start number information (C_CMD_SN) and cell command continuous number information (C_CMD_C_Ns) in FIG. 37
 can be executed.
 FIG. 37
 shows an example of the data structure of the cell playback information table (C_PBIT) included in the program chain information (PGCI) .
 cell playback information
 C_PBI
 FIG. 38
 is a block diagram for explaining an example of the internal structure of a playback apparatus of the disc-shaped information storage medium (optical disc, etc.) according to the embodiment of the present invention.
 information storage medium 1
 records HD_DVD-Video content according to the embodiment of the present invention.
 Disc drive unit 1010
 plays back the HD_DVD-Video content from this information storage medium 1, and transfers them to data processor unit 1020.
 a Video Object (VOB) as picture data in the HD_DVD-Video content
 includes a group of Video Object Unit (VOBU) data as a basic unit shown in FIG. 44 (c) , and navi pack a3 is allocated at the head in each VOBU.
 VOBU
 Video Object Unit
 Video data, audio data, and sub-picture data
 are respectively distributed and allocated in video packs a4, audio packs a ⁇ , and sub- picture (SP) packs a7, thus forming a multiplexed structure.
 the embodiment of the present invention
 newly have graphics unit data, which is distributed and recorded in graphics unit (GU) packs a5.
 Demultiplexer 1030 in FIG. 38
 demultiplexes a VOB formed by multiplexing these kinds of data into packets.
 Demultiplexer 1030
 transfers video data recorded in video packs a4 to video decoder unit 1110, sub-picture data recorded in sub-picture packs a7 to sub-picture decoder unit 1120, graphics data recorded in graphics unit packs a5 to graphics decoder unit 1130, and audio data recorded in audio packs a6 to audio decoder unit 1140. Respective kinds of incoming data are decoded by decoder units 1110 to 1140, and are combined as needed in video processor unit 1040. Then, the combined data is converted into an analog signal via digital-to-analog converters 1320 and 1330, and the analog, signal is output.
 MPU unit 1210
 systematically manages a series of these processes, and temporarily stores data, which is required to be temporarily saved during processing, in memory unit 1220.
 ROM unit 1230
 records processing programs to be processed by MPU unit 1210 and permanent data set in advance.
 information which is input from the user to the information playback apparatus
 is input via key inputs at key input unit 1310.
 key input unit 1310
 may comprise a general remote controller.
 FIG. 39
 is a block diagram for explaining the internal structure of graphics decoder unit 1130 shown in FIG. 38 in detail. Graphics unit data demultiplexed and extracted by demultiplexer 1030 is temporarily ⁇ saved in graphics unit input buffer 1130a.
 the graphics unit data
 includes highlight information and graphics data and/or mask data, as will be described later with reference to FIG. 45.
 This highlight information
 is transferred to highlight decoder 1130b, and is decoded.
 the graphics data and mask data
 are decoded to 256-color screen information in graphics decoder 113Oe.
 a highlight process
 e.g., a process for changing a part of graphics data to be highlighted to a striking color
 the graphics data and/or mask data
 are/is mixed with the decoded highlight data (e.g., picture data which has emphasized frame pixels at positions to be highlighted, and transparent pixels at other positions) by mixer 113Od, and the decoded graphics data and/or mask data modified by the highlight data as needed are/is sent to mixer 1140a.
 This mixer 1140a
 mixes the decoded graphics data and/or mask data with video data from video decoder unit 1110 and sub-picture data from sub-picture decoder unit 1120, thus forming a video output.
 mixer 1140a in FIG. 39
 is included in video processor unit 1040 in FIG. 38.
 the decoded output of highlight decoder 1130b
 may control palette selector 113Og and/or highlight processor 113Oh, so that the highlight modification may be directly applied to the decoded output of graphics decoder 113Oe (in this case, mixer 113Od can be omitted) .
 FIG. 40
 is a view for explaining the concept of imaginary video access unit (IVAU) .
 An IVAU according to the embodiment of the present invention
 will be described below using FIG. 40.
 Each VOB of a movie in the conventional SD DVD-Video content
 is divided into Video Access Unit (VAU) data, as shown in FIG. 40 (a) .
 VAU
 Video Access Unit
 FIG. 40 (a)
 By matching the boundary position of neighboring VOB data with that of neighboring VAU data, .seamless playback between different VOB data can be attained.
 imaging access units
 IVAU2 'to IVAUn (imaginary video access units 2 to n) are set in a period between VAUl which includes I-picture that records a still picture, and VAUl including I-picture that records a next still picture to be displayed.
 VAUl
 including I-picture that records a still picture
 VAUl including I-picture
 that records a next still picture to be displayed.
 an interval between (VAUl including) I-picture from which a still picture starts and (VAUl including) the next I-picture
 is imaginarily finely time-divided for respective periods of access units using as a unit the video frame time or a time in an integer multiple of the video frame.
 a Decoding Time Stamp (DTS) indicating the input timing of a still picture to the decoder, and a Presentation Time Stamp (PTS) indicating the display timing of a still picture
 are set in advance for each still picture. Since one video frame period is determined in National Television System Committee (NTSC) and Phase Alternation by Line (PAL) , the timing of a boundary position of the "imaginary access units" is calculated, and the calculated timing is set as an imaginary PTS, as shown in FIG. 40 (c) . Then, it can be (imaginarily) considered as if a still picture is repetitively played back and displayed for respective virtual access units.
 NTSC
 National Television System Committee
 PAL
 Phase Alternation by Line
 one VOBU
 is formed of an integer number of "virtual access units".
 a VOBU display time of each still picture
 becomes an integer multiple of a video frame.
 a VAU
 Video Access Unit
 an IVAU
 does not include any I-picture.
 no video data
 is included in the IVAU. That is, each of a VOBU formed by VAUl to IVAU15 and that formed by VAUl ⁇ to IVAU30 includes only one I-picture.
 a VOBU formed by IVAU30 to IVAU45
 does not include any video data (I-picture) .
 the embodiment of the present invention
 allows to define a VOBU having no video data. Also, • the embodiment of the present invention inhibits one VOBU from having a plurality of I-picture data, and limits (constrains) so that one VOBU has one or less (including zero) I-picture. As can be seen from comparison of the positions in (c) and (d) of FIG. 40, one VOBU adopts a structure in which a VAU is
 FIG. 41
 is a view for explaining a practical example of system parameters used in the. embodiment of the present invention.
 memory unit 1220
 is assigned fields for storing system parameters "0" to "23" shown in FIG. 41.
 audio stream number
 for TTJDOM in SPRM(I)
 SPSTN
 sub-picture stream number
 AGLN
 angle number
 TTN
 title number
 VTS_TTN
 VTS title number
 TT_D0M
 title PGC number
 TT_PGCN
 Part_of_Title number
 PTTN
 Highlighted Button number
 HL_BTNN
 Highlighted Button number
 FIG. 42
 shows an example of a list of commands used in the embodiment of the present invention.
 FIG. 43
 shows an example of a command list used in the HD_DVD-Video content in the embodiment of the present invention.
 "Compare Field" shown in FIG. 43 (a)
 is used to compare a value in a navigation parameter with a specific value specified by an operand of a command. If this comparison result is true, a subsequent instruction is executed; if it is false, a subsequent instruction is skipped. This instruction is used in combination with other instruction groups.
 EQ
 means Equal; NE, Not Equal; GE, Greater than or equal to; GT, Greater than; LE, Less than or equal to; LT, Less than; and BC, Bitwise Compare.
 Go To Option in "Branch Field” shown in FIG. 43 (b)
 is used to change the execution order of navigation commands in a pre-command area or post command area, or a resume command area or cell command area.
 GoTo
 means transition to another navigation command
 Break
 means the end of execution of a navigation command in the pre-command area or post command area, or the resume command area or cell command area.
 SetTmpPML
 means confirmation of a temporal change in parental level, a change in parental level, and transition to a specific navigation command if possible.
 LinkPGCN
 means the start of playback of a PGC of interest by directly designating a program chain number (PGCN) .
 LinkPTTN
 means the start of playback of a PTT of interest (or a chapter of interest) by directly designating a part_of_title number (PTTN) .
 LinkPGN
 means the start of playback of a PG of interest by directly designating a program number (PGN) .
 LinkCN
 means the start of playback of a cell of interest by directly designating a cell number (CN) .
 Jump Option
 in "Branch Field” shown in FIG. 43 (d) is used to start specific playback after space movement.
 Exit
 means the end of playback.
 JumpTT
 means title playback start (when title number TTN is used) .
 JumpVTS_TT
 means title playback start in a single VTS.
 CaIlSS
 means PGC playback start in a system space that stores resume information.
 JumpSS
 means playback start of a part_of_title included in a specific title in a single VTS.
 CaIlINTENG
 represents transfer of the control from a DVD-Video playback engine to an interactive engine (details are shown in FIG. 83) .
 SetSystem Field
 shown in FIG. 43 (e) is used to set a system parameter value, and a mode and value of a general parameter.
 SetSTN
 means setting of a stream number (parameters to be set are .SPRM(I), SPRM(2), and SPRM(3)) .
 SetNVTMR
 means condition setting of the navigation timer (parameters to be set are SPRM(9) and SPRM(IO)) .
 SetHL BTNN
 means setting of the highlighted button number for a selection state (a parameter to be set is SPRM(8)).
 SetAMXMD
 means setting of an audio mixing mode of the playback apparatus for Karaoke (a parameter to be set is SPRM(Il)).
 SetGPRMMD
 means setting of modes and values of general parameters (parameters to be set are GPRM(O) and GPRM(15)).
 SetM_LCD
 means setting of a menu description language code (a parameter to be set is SPRM(O)).
 SetRSMI
 means updating of resume information (parameters to be set are a CN, NV_PCK address, PGC control state, VTSN (Video Title Set Number), SPRM(4), SPRM(5), SPRM( ⁇ ), SPRM(7), and SPRM(8)).
 Set Field
 shown in FIG. 43 (f) is used to execute a calculation on the basis of a specific value specified by an operand and a general parameter.
 the calculation
 includes the following two types:
 Exp
 means an exponential calculation
 Div
 division
 Add
 addition
 FIG. 44
 shows the allocation of graphics units GU in a video object.
 the HD_DVD-Video content used in the embodiment of the present invention
 comply with the multiplexing rule of the MPEG system layer. That is, graphics unit data is segmented into every 2048-byte packs, and these packs are separately allocated.
 GUI
 graphics unit
 Graphics units
 can support graphics data corresponding to an HD picture at 16 : 9, SD picture at 16 : 9, SD picture at 4 : 3, and SD picture at letter box, and independent streams are formed in correspondence with the four types of pictures (HD picture at 16 : 9, SD picture at 16 : 9, SD picture at 4 : 3, and SD picture at letter box), as shown in FIG. 44 (d) .
 FIG. 45
 shows an example of the data structure in a graphics unit.
 the data structure in the graphics unit
 includes header information bl, highlight information b2, mask data b3, and graphics data b4.
 Highlight information b2
 includes general information b21, color palette information b22, and button information b23.
 FIG. 46
 shows an example of the header information content and general information content in the graphics unit.
 the content of the header information
 include graphics unit size (GU_SZ) information, the start address (HLI_SA) information of the highlight information, and the start address (GD_SA) information of the graphics data.
 the graphics unit size (GU_SZ) information
 indicates the overall size of the graphics unit shown at the lower left position in FIG. 45.
 the start address (HLI_SA) information of the highlight information
 means an address to the start position of highlight information b2 with reference to the head ⁇ position (that of header information bl) of the graphics unit shown at the lower left position in FIG. 45.
 the start address (GD_SA) information of the graphics data
 means an address to the head position of graphics data b4 with reference to the head position (that of header information bl) of the graphics unit shown at the lower left position in FIG. 45.
 general information b21 in highlight information b2
 has graphics unit playback end time (GU_PB_E_PTM) information, button offset number (BTN_OFN) information, information of the number (BTN_Ns) of buttons, information of the number (NSL_BTN_Ns) of numeral selection buttons, forced selection button number (FOSL_BTNN) information, forced determination button number (FOAC_BTNN) information, and the like.
 the graphics unit area
 is distributed and allocated as graphics unit (GU) packs, as described above using FIG. 44.
 This graphics unit pack
 (strictly speaking, a packet header in a graphics unit packet included in that pack) records in advance PTS
 Presentation Time Stamp
 information at which playback of the graphics unit starts.
 PTS information
 and the graphics unit playback end time (GU_PB_E_PTM) information, a graphics unit display time and effective time that allows execution (of a command) (both the start/end times completely match) are set.
 the start/end time information
 uses a PTS/PTM, the time range can be set with a very high precision.
 FIG. 47
 is a view for explaining an image example of mask data and graphics data in the graphics unit.
 the graphics data
 as shown in FIG. 47, picture information (bitmap data or compressed data of that bitmap) for one screen which allows 256-color expression by assigning 8 bits per pixel is recorded.
 the mask data
 indicates a position range on the screen where the user can designate command execution, and sets only a screen region by assigning 1 bit per pixel. Since the mask data designates a region in the bitmap format using pixels, not only a plurality of regions located at positions separate from each other can be simultaneously set by masking, but also an arbitrary shaped region can be finely set as a masking screen region using pixels, as shown in FIG. 47. This is also a characteristic feature of this embodiment.
 a plurality of mask data
 can be set, and a plurality of menu choices to the user can be supplied (FIG. 47 exemplifies three user's choices) .
 FIG. 48
 shows an example of video composition including mask patterns.
 a screen to be presented to the user
 can be generated by compositing main picture (A) recorded in video packs a4 in FIG. 44 (c) , graphics pattern (B) recorded as the graphics data, and mask data (c) that can set a plurality of patterns, as shown in FIG. 48.
 the number n of mask data in a single graphics unit
 matches the number n of pieces of button information recorded in the highlight information, and each mask data #n and button information #n have one- to-one correspondence. That is, in m that satisfies 1 ( m ( n, the m-th mask data from the top corresponds to the m-th button information from the top. For example, when the user highlights (designates) a region designated by the m-th mask data on the screen by operating a cursor key or the like on a remote controller (not shown) , button command b234 recorded in m-th button information b23 is executed in response to that action.
 each button information #n
 links with each individual mask data #n.
 button information #n
 records start address (address from the head position of the header information to the n-th mask data start position in the lower left view of FIG. 45) information b231 and data size information b232 of corresponding mask data #n.
 button information b23
 records neighboring button position information b233.
 Normal color palette b221
 stores color information of buttons when the menu screen is presented to the user first (before user selection) .
 the display color of that button
 changes on the screen.
 Selection color palette b222
 records the changed display color of the button.
 the display color of the button
 can be set to be changed to a color indicating "set”.
 Set color palette b223
 has the set display color of the button.
 FIG. 49
 shows another embodiment associated with the data structure of the graphics unit.
 the embodiment of FIG. 49
 is characterized in that hot spot information is used in place of mask data.
 a plurality of normal color palettes e221, selection color palettes e222, and set color palettes e223
 can be set.
 a region on the screen
 can be designated by hot spot position information e233 in place of mask data.
 a plurality of pieces of hot spot position information e233
 can be set for one button information e23, so that a plurality of regions which are separate from each other on the screen can correspond to one button information e23.
 advanced content recording area 21 in FIG. 50 (c)
 is configured to include moving picture recording area 21B for recording moving picture data, animation/still picture recording area 21C for recording animation data and still picture data, audio recording area 21D for recording audio data, font recording area 21E for recording font data, and markup/script language recording area 21A for recording information for controlling playback of these data (such information is described using a markup language/script language/StyleSheet, and the like) (the area 21A is the head of the recording order of these areas as shown in FIG. 50) .
 the information for controlling playback
 describes a playback method (display method, playback sequence, playback switching sequence, selection of objects to be played back, etc.) of advanced content (including audio, still picture, font/text, moving picture, animation, and the like) and/or DVD-Video content using a markup language, script language, and Stylesheet.
 markup languages
 such as HTML (Hyper Text markup Language) /XHTML (extensible Hyper Text markup
 markup/script language recording area 21A
 includes startup recording area 210A for recording startup information, loading information recording area 211A for recording information of files to be loaded onto a buffer in a playback apparatus (see FIG.
 FIG. 51
 is a view for explaining an example of the recording content of an advanced HD video title set recording area of the information content recorded on disc-shaped information storage medium (optical disc, etc.) 1 according to still another embodiment of the present invention.
 An advanced HD video title set (AHDVTS: advanced VTS) shown in FIG. 51 (d)
 is a video object which is specialized to be referred to from a markup language as one of the aforementioned advanced content.
 advanced HD video title set (AHDVTS) recording area 50
 includes advanced HD video title .set information (AHDVTSI) area 51 that records management information for all the content in advanced HD video title set recording area 50, advanced HD video title set information backup area (AHDVTSI_BUP) 54 that records the same information as in HD video title set information area 51 as backup data, and advanced title video object area (AHDVTSTT_VOBS) 53 that records video object (title picture information) data in an advanced HD video title set.
 AHDVTSI
 advanced HD video title .set information
 AHDVTSI_BUP
 advanced HD video title set information backup area
 AHDVTSTT_VOBS
 advanced title video object area
 FIG. 52
 shows an example of the data structure of advanced HD video title set information recorded in the advanced HD video title set recording area. This information is recorded together in file HVIAOOOl. IFO (or VTSAOlOO. IFO; not shown), and advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) area 51 shown in FIG.
 HVIAOOOl. IFO
 or VTSAOlOO. IFO; not shown
 AHDVTSI
 advanced HD video title set information
 AHDVTSI_MAT
 advanced HD video title set information management table
 AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT
 advanced HD video title set PTT search pointer table
 AHDVTS_PGCIT
 advanced HD video title set program chain information table
 TMAPIT
 time map information table
 time map information table (TMAPIT) 519
 is one field of advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) area 51, but it can be recorded in the same file (HVIAOOOl. IFO in FIG. 2) as advanced HD video title set information area 51 or in a file (e.g.,
 HVMOOOOO.MAP
 independent from advanced HD video title set information area 51.
 Advanced HD video title set information management table (AHDVTSI_MAT) 510
 records management information common to the corresponding video title set. Since this common management information is allocated in the first field (management information group) in advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) area 51, the common management information in the video title set can be immediately loaded. Hence, the playback control process of the information playback apparatus can be simplified, and the control processing time can be shortened.
 FIG. 53
 shows an example of the data structure of the advanced HD video title set information management table (AHDVTSI_MAT) recorded in the advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI), and the recording content of category information (AHDVTS_CAT) stored in this management table.
 Advanced HD video title set information management table (AHDVTSI_MAT) 510
 can store the following information as the common management information in the video title set. That is, as shown in FIG.
 the advanced HD video title set information management table
 can store various kinds of information: an advanced HD video title set identifier (AHDVTS_ID) , the end address (AHDVTS_EA) of the advanced HDVTS, the end address (AHDVTSI_EA) of the advanced HDVTSI, the version number (VERN) of the HD_DVD-Video standard, an AHDVTS category (AHDVTS_CAT) , the end address (AHDVTSI_MAT_EA) of the AHDVTSI_MAT, the start address (AHDVTSTT_VOBS_SA) of the AHDVTSTT_VOBS, the start address (AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT_SA) of the AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT, the start address (AHDVTS_PGCIT_SA) of the AHDVTS_PGCIT, the start address (AHDVTS_C_ADT_SA) of the AHDVTS_C_ADT, the number (ATRl_AGL_Ns) of angles of a video
 the start address (HDVTSM_VOBS_SA) of an HDVTSM_VOBS included in a standard VTS
 need not exist since the advanced VTS does not include any HDVTSM_VOBS (or may be used as a reserved area) .
 the start address (HDVTSM_PGCI_UT_SA) of the HDVTSM_PGCI_UT included in the standard VTS
 need not exist since the advanced VTS does not include any HDVTSM_VOBS (or may be used as a reserved area) .
 the start address (HDVTSM_C_ADT_SA) of the HDVTSM_C_ADT included in the standard VTS
 need not exist since the advanced VTS does not include any HDVTSM (or may be used as a reserved area) .
 the start address (HDVTSM_C_ADT_SA) of the HDVTSM_C_ADT included in the standard VTS
 need not exist since the advanced VTS does not include any HDVTSM (or may be used as a reserved area) .
 HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP_SA
 HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP_SA
 the start address (HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAP_SA) of " the HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAP included in the standard VTS
 need not exist since the advanced VTS includes the substitute time map information table (or may be used as a reserved area) .
 AHDVTS_CAT
 indicating categories of the advanced VTS stored in advanced HD video title set information management table (AHDVTSI_MAT) 510 in FIG. 53 is defined as follows:
 AHDVTS_CAT
 0000b: no AHDVTS category is specified
 AHDVTS_CAT
 0010b: advanced VTS with advanced content
 AHDVTS_CAT
 0011b: advanced VTS without advanced content
 the "advanced VTS without advanced content”
 whose category is indicated by "AHDVTS_CAT - 0011b" basically represents an advanced VTS that allows playback of the advanced VTS alone without any markup language.
 This
 assumes an advanced VTS which maintains playback compatibility between other recording standards (to be referred to as a VR standard) such as DVD-VR/HDDVD-VR and the playback dedicated standard (to be referred to as a video standard) in the embodiment of the present invention.
 the video and VR standards
 have different standard content due to their different use applications (the video standard places an emphasis on interactiveness, and the VR standard places an emphasis on edit functions) .
 By communizing a structurally simplified advanced VTS between the two standards
 playback compatibility can be assured between the two standards having different purposes. For example, an information storage medium recorded in an advanced VTS mode in a recorder according to the VR standard can be ' played back by all playback apparatuses that can play back the video standard.
 FIG. 54
 shows an example of the data structure of advanced HD video title set PTT search pointer table (AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT) 511 shown in FIG. 52.
 Advanced HD video title set PTT search pointer table
 AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT
 AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT
 includes various kinds of information: PTT search pointer table information (PTT_SRPTI) 511a having information of the end address (AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT_EA) of the AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT; and PTT search pointers (PTT_SRP) 511c having information of a program number (PGN) .
 HDVTS_TTU_Ns
 indicating the number of TTU data of. an HDVTS which is included in the standard VTS need not exist since the number of TTU data in the advanced VTS is fixed, i.e., 1 (or if it exists, a fixed value is recorded) .
 the advanced VTS
 can be configured to include only one title (TT) .
 “title unit search pointers (TTU_SRP) 411b each of which records information of the start address (TTU_SA) of a TTU (see FIG. 22)”
 need not exist since there is only one TTU (or if it exists, a fixed value is recorded) .
 FIG. 55
 shows an example of the data structure of advanced HD video title set program chain information table (AHDVTS_PGCIT) recorded in the advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) .
 AHDVTS_PGCIT
 advanced HD video title set program chain information table
 ' advanced HD video title set program chain information table (AHDVTS_PGCIT) 512
 also records information of advanced HD video title set PGCI information table (AHDVTS_PGCITI) 512a including information of the number (AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP_Ns) of AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP data and the end address (AHDVTS_PGCIT_EA) of the AHDVTS_PGCIT.
 AHDVTS_PGCI search pointer (AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP) 512b
 records information of the start address (AHDVTS_PGCI_SA) of the AHDVTS_PGCI together with the aforementioned AHDVTS_PGC category (AHDVTS_PGC_CAT) .
 AHDVTS_PGCI_SA
 start address
 AHDVTS_PGC_CAT
 aforementioned AHDVTS_PGC category
 AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP_Ns
 the value of AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP_Ns is fixed, i.e., 1, and one each of search pointer (AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP) 512b and PGC information (AHDVTS_PGCI) 512c are present.
 FIG. 56
 shows an example of the data structure of program chain general information (PGC_GI) included in program chain information (corresponding to AHDVTS_PGCI in, e.g., FIG. 55) .
 the program chain information (PGCI) recorded in PGC information (AHDVTS_PGCI) 512c
 includes four fields (four management information groups), i.e., program chain general information (PGC_GI) 50, program chain program map (PGC PGMAP) 52, cell playback information table (C_PBIT) 53, and cell position information table (C_POSIT) 54.
 program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) 51 included in the PGCI of the standard VTS (FIG. 34)
 need not exist in the advanced VTS (or may be used as a reserved area) .
 program chain general information (PGC_GI) 50
 records various kinds of information including PGC content (PGC_CNT) , a PGC playback time (PGC_PB_TM), a PGC audio stream control table (PGC_AST_CTLT) , a PGC sub-picture stream control table (PGC_SPST_CTLT) , PGC navigation control (PGC_NV_CTL) , a PGC sub-picture palette (PGC_SP_PLT) , the start address (PGC_PGMAP_SA) of the PGC_PGMAP, the start address (C_PBIT_SA) of the C_PBIT, and the start address (C_POSIT_SA) of the C_POSIT.
 PGC_PGMAP_SA
 start address of the PGC_PGMAP
 C_PBIT_SA
 start address
 C_POSIT_SA
 start address
 PGC_UOP_CTL
 PGC user operation control
 PGC_UOP_CTL
 PGC user operation control
 PGC_UOP_CTL
 PGC user operation control
 PGC_GUST_CTLT
 PGC graphics unit stream control table
 the start address (PGC_CMDT_SA) of the PGC_CMDT included in the standard VTS
 does not exist since no command table (PGC CMDT) exists in the advanced VTS (or used as a reserved area) .
 RSMScAOB category information
 included in the standard VTS, i.e., RSM permission information, Audio selection information, and Audio Number information need not exist since the RSM information is controlled by the markup language and no Audio information is available in the advanced VTS (or may be used as a reserved area) .
 FIG. 57
 shows an example of the data structure in advanced HD video title set cell address table (AHDVTS_C_ADT) 517 shown in FIG. 52.
 Advanced HD video title set cell address table (AHDVTS_C_ADT) 517
 includes various kinds of information: advanced HD video title set cell address table information (AHDVTS_C_ADTI) 517a having the number (AHDVTS_VOB_Ns) of VOB data in an AHDVTS_VOBS and the end address (AHDVTS_C_ADT_EA) of the AHDVTS_C_ADT; and a plurality of pieces of advanced HD video title set cell piece information (AHDVTS_CPI) 517b each including a VOB_ID number (AHDVTS_VOB_IDN) of an AHDVTS_CP, a Cell_ID number (AHDVTS_C_IDN) of the AHDVTS_CP, the start address (AHDVTS_CP_SA) of the AHDVTS_CP, and the end address (AHDVTS
 FIG. 58
 shows an example of the data structure in time map information table (TMAPIT) 519 shown in FIG. 52.
 Time map information table (TMAPIT) 519
 includes time map information table information (TMAPITI) 519a, time map information search pointers (TMAPI_SRP) 519b, and a plurality of pieces of time information (TMAPI) 519c.
 Time map information table information (TMAPITI) 519a
 includes the number of pieces of time map information (TMAPI) 519c included in this time map information table (TMAPIT) 519, and the end address information of this time map information table (TMAPIT) 519.
 Time map information search pointers (TMAPI_SRP) 519b
 exist as many as the number of pieces of time map information (TMAPI) 519c, and each pointer records the start address where corresponding time map information (TMAPI) 519c is recorded.
 FIG. 59
 shows an example of the data structure of time map information (TMAPI) 519c shown in FIG. 58.
 Time map information (TMAPI) 519c
 includes time map general information (TMAP_GI) 519cl, time entry table (TM_ENT) 519c2, VOBU entry table (VOBU_ENTT) 519c3, ILV ⁇ _ADR entry table (ILVU_ADR_ENTT) 519c4, and ENT_VOBN table (ENT_VOBNT) 519c5.
 TMAP_GI
 time map general information
 TM_ENT
 time entry table
 VOBU_ENTT
 VOBU entry table
 ILV ⁇ _ADR entry table
 ILV ⁇ _ADR entry table
 ENT_VOBN table
 ENT_VOBNT
 Time map general information (TMAP_GI) 519cl
 includes TMAP_TYPE indicating the type of blocks which form this time map information (TMAPI) 519c, BLK_ADR indicating the start address of a contiguous or interleaved block, TMU indicating the time duration of a time entry, VOB_Ns indicating the number of VOB data to be referred to by this time map information (TMAPI) 519c, ILVU_Ns indicating the number of ILVU data per VOB to be referred to by this time map information (TMAPI) 519c, and VOBU_ENT_Ns indicating the number of all VOBU data to be referred to by this time map information (TMAPI) 519c.
 TMAP_TYPE
 indicating the type of blocks which form this time map information (TMAPI) 519c
 BLK_ADR
 indicating the start address of a contiguous or interleaved block
 TMU
 indicating the time duration of a time entry
 TMAP_GI
 when blocks that form time map information TMAPI include a contiguous block, "Ob" is recorded in TMAP_TYPE; when blocks that forms time map information TMAPI include an interleaved block, "Ib" is recorded in TMAP_TYPE.
 FIG. 60
 shows an example of the data structure of time entry table (TM_ENT) 519c2 shown in FIG. 59.
 Time entry table (TM_ENT) 519c2
 includes one or more time entry numbers (TM_EM_Ns) 519c21, and one or more time entries (TM_EN) 519c22. Note that the time entries are allocated for each VOB. More specifically, in the example of FIG. 60, the time entries are allocated in ascending order of V0B#p like time entry (TM_EN) 519c22 group of VOB#1, time entry (TM_EN) 519c22 group of V0B#2, ..., time entry (TM_EN) 519c22 group of VOB#p.
 Each time entry number (TM_EM_Ns) 519c21
 records TM_EN_Ns indicating the number of time entries (TM_EN) 519c22.
 Each time entry 519c22
 includes VOB ⁇ _ENTN indicating the number of VOBU entry (VOBU_ENT) 519c31 designated by the time entry, TM_DIFF indicating the time difference between the time of the time entry calculated based on TMU and the start time of the VOBU designated by the time entry, and TM_EN_ADR indicating an offset address of a Block (a VOB period with valid TMAPI) from the head position.
 FIG. 61
 shows an example of the data structures of VOBU entry table (V0BU_ENTT) 519c3, ILVU_ADR entry table (ILVU_ADR_ENTT) 519c4, and ENT_VOBN table (ENT_VOBNT) 519c5 shown in FIG. 59.
 VOBU entry table (VOBU_ENTT) 519c3
 includes VOBU entries (V0BU_ENT) 519c31.
 Each VOBU entry (V0BU_ENT) 519c31
 includes 1STREF_SZ indicating the size (which can be indicated by the number of packs) of 1st Reference Picture data (i.e., first I-picture or equivalent data) included in a VOBU, VOBU_PB_TM indicating the VOBU playback time, and VOBU_SZ indicating the size (which can be indicated by the number of packs) of the VOBU.
 1STREF_SZ
 indicating the size (which can be indicated by the number of packs) of 1st Reference Picture data (i.e., first I-picture or equivalent data) included in a VOBU
 VOBU_PB_TM
 indicating the VOBU playback time
 VOBU_SZ
 indicating the size (which can be indicated by the number of packs) of the VOBU.
 ILVU_ADR entry table (ILVU_ADR_ENTT) 519c4
 includes ILVU_ADR entries (ILVU_ADR_ENT) 519c41.
 Each ILVU_ADR entry (ILVU_ADR_ENT) 519c41
 includes ILVU_ADR indicating an offset address from the head of an Interleaved block for each ILVU address.
 ENT_V0BN table (ENT_V0BNT) 519c5
 which indicates a list of VOB data that refer to time map information (TMAPI) 519c includes entry VOB numbers (ENT_V0BN) 519c51.
 Each entry VOB number (ENT_VOBN) 519c51
 includes ENT_V0BN indicating a VOB number to be referred to.
 ENT_V0BN
 is described in the order of VOB data that refer to time map information (TMAPI) 519c, and correspondence between the time map and VOB is indicated using the VOB number.
 FIG. 62
 is a flowchart for explaining an example of the playback sequence of an advanced VTS (AHDVTS in FIGS. 51, 74, 79, and the like) according to the content of information (Application Type) included in management information (e.g., AHDVTS_CAT in FIG. 53) .
 the playback apparatus
 FIG. 72, etc.
 the playback apparatus
 checks the value of AHDVTS_CAT stored in AHDVTSI_MAT 510.
 step ST620
 since this advanced VTS to ' be played back is a video object without any advanced content, i.e., playback is controlled based on only data in advanced HD video title set recording area 50 (AHDVTS) in place of the markup/script language, playback can be done based on data of this AHDVTS (a sole playback process of the advanced VTS) .
 AHDVTS
 advanced HD video title set recording area 50
 step ST620
 If the value of AHDVTS_CAT is other than "0011b" (e.g., "0010b”) (NO in step ST620), since this advanced VTS is a video object with advanced content, playback must be done on the basis of the markup/script language required to control this video object. If not, playback of this video object becomes different from that the content producer intended. Hence, the playback apparatus (FIG. 72, etc.) searches for a markup/script language file associated with this video object. If such file is found (YES in step ST622), the video object is played back on the basis of the description of the markup/script language of that file (an execution process of the markup/script language) . If no markup/script language file associated with the video object is found (NO in step ST622) , since data required to control playback are not sufficiently prepared, the process ends without playback.
 0011b
 e.g., "0010b”
 FIG. 63
 shows the configuration of a navigation pack (NV_PCK) allocated at the head of each EVOBU in an enhanced video object (EVOB) which is to be referred to by an advanced VTS according to the embodiment of the ' present invention.
 the navigation pack
 includes a presentation information packet (PCI_PKT) and data search information packet (DSI_PKT) , and respective packets store information shown in FIGS. 64 and 65.
 FIG. 64
 shows an example of the content of the presentation control information (PCI) as playback control information.
 the presentation control information
 includes playback control general information (PCI_GI) , non-seamless angle position information (NSML_AGLI) which includes the start position information of each angle and does not require any seamless playback upon angle switching, and recording information (RECI) .
 the recording information , (RECI)
 can record specific codes such as a country code, copyright holder code, recording date, recording number, and the like in association with the content of recorded video, audio, and sub-picture data.
 the playback control general information
 includes control pack position information (NV_PCK_LBN) indicated by a logical block number (LBN) from the head of a VOBS, EVOBU category information (EVOB ⁇ _CAT) including analog copy control information, information (EVOBU_S_PTM) indicating the playback start time and information (EVOBU_E_PTM) indicating the playback end time of an EVOBU, EVOBU playback sequence end time information (EVOBU_SE_E_PTM) indicating information of the playback end time when video playback ends in response to a sequence end code in the EVOBU, and cell elapsed time information (C_ELTM) indicating an elapsed time in a cell of the EVOBU.
 EVOBU_S_PTM
 EVOBU category information
 EVOBU_SE_E_PTM
 EVOBU playback sequence end time information
 C_ELTM
 cell elapsed time information
 EVOBU playback start time information
 EVOBU_S_PTM
 EVOBU playback end time- information
 EVOBU_E_PTM
 C_ELTM
 cell elapsed time information
 FIG. 65
 shows the content of the data search information (DSI) as data search information.
 the data search information
 includes data search general information (DSI_GI), seamless playback information (SML_PBI) as information required to make seamless playback without interrupting interleaved units (ILVU) which are interleaved, seamless angle position information (SML_AGLI) that describes a .jump address of an interleaved unit of each angle as information required to switch angles without interrupting playback, and sync information (SYNCI) indicating position information of audio and sub-picture packs to be played back synchronously with video data.
 DSI_GI
 data search general information
 SML_PBI
 seamless playback information
 IVSU
 interrupting interleaved units
 SML_AGLI
 seamless angle position information
 SYNCI
 sync information
 the data search general information
 includes control pack playback time information (NV_PCK_SCR) indicated by system clock reference (SCR)- based time information, control pack position information (NV_PCK_LBN) indicated by a logical block number (LBN) from the head of a VOBS, EVOBU adaptation information (EVOB ⁇ _ADP_ID) as information indicating if a disc to which the standard is applied is a read-only disc (DVD-ROM) or a writable disc (DVD-R or the like) , EVOBU_EVOB number information (EVOBU_EVOB_IDN: not shown) indicating an ID number of an EVOB that includes the DSI of interest, EVOBU cell number information (EVOBU_C_IDN) indicating an ID number of a cell that includes the DSI of interest, EVOBU attribute number information (EVOBU_ATRN) indicating the number of attribute information of an EVOB to which the EVOBU of interest belongs, and cell e
 C_ELTM
 cell elapsed time information
 DSI_GI
 data search general information
 FIG. 66
 is a view for explaining an example of the configuration of an advanced VTS (AHDVTS) . Since the advanced VTS is basically controlled by a markup language, it requires a simple structure that allows easy control by the markup language. FIG. 66 shows an example of such structure.
 the advanced VTS
 includes only one VTS. This VTS includes only one Title. This Title includes only one PGC, which includes one or more PTT data and one or more Cells.
 Video object VTS_EVOBS
 is referred to by Cells in one-to-one correspondence. Note that no navigation commands that can be recorded in VTSI and NV_PCK are available in the advanced VTS.
 the content production process
 which is complicated due to coexistence of control based on the markup language and that based on navigation commands in the advanced VTS, and the load on the manufacture of the playback apparatus can be avoided.
 the standard VTS
 accesses a video object using VOBU search information included in NV_PCK.
 the advanced VTS
 does not use any VOBU search information in NV_PCK (which need not exist) , and newly adds time map information.
 precise access
 can be done from an arbitrary location using the time map information.
 an attribute number "#n"
 which identifies an attribute (Attribute #n) assigned to a plurality of EVOBU data corresponding to each EVOB in FIG. 66 can be designated by the EVOBU attribute number information (EVOBU_ATRN) shown in FIG. 65.
 FIG. 67
 shows time map elements according to the embodiment of the present invention. That is, as a time element of a time map, a starting point of a description (time map unit) is available.
 the head of a PGC
 can be defined as a starting point for the PGC, and the head of a VOB can be defined as a starting point for the VOB.
 a time map time interval
 may be fixed to 600 video fields (corresponding to 10 sec) in NTSC, or the time map time interval can be set in the time unit (e.g., the range of 1 to 255 sec in" increments of 1 sec) .
 a time map
 may be described in only the path of the first ILVU (e.g., only the path of angle number 1 in a multi-angle block) or time maps may be described in all ILVU data.
 the start address of each VOB
 can be described. More specifically, the offset address can be described using a relative logical block number from the first logical block of a VTSTT_VOBS, or the offset address can be described using a relative logical block number from the first logical block number of the file of interest (In this case, the file at the current timing may be divided into a plurality of files as needed according to the set time maps) . Furthermore, a VOBU number quoted by a time map can be associated with a VOBU entry, which can be used as acquisition information of corresponding I-picture data and/or time information of this I-picture data.
 FIG. 68
 shows an example of practical elements of the time map according to the embodiment of the present invention.
 a block address
 designates the start address of a contiguous or interleaved block using an offset address from the head of a VTSTT_VOBS.
 a time entry address (TM_EN_ADR) of a contiguous block
 can be designated using an offset address from the head of a block.
 TM_EN_ADR
 time entry address of an interleaved block
 a plurality of VOB data
 can be designated using an offset address from the head of a block (by the same method as in a single VOB) or time entry tables can be described as many as the number of VOB data.
 a time unit
 is fixed to a constant value (e.g., 10 sec) in a single VTSTT_VOBS.
 An interleaved unit address
 (ILVU_ADR) can designate the address of each ILVU using an offset address from the head of an Interleaved block.
 a VOBU size
 (VOBU_SZ) can describe the size of each VOBU using the number of packs in that VOBU.
 a first reference picture size (1STREF_SZ)
 can describe the size of I-picture data of each VOBU using the number of packs.
 FIG. 69
 shows a case having different playback paths so as to explain the time map according to the embodiment of the present invention. As shown in
 disc 1
 records two different playback paths (A) and (B) .
 (A)
 is, for example, the director's cut version of a movie
 (B)
 is, for example, the theatrical release version.
 (A) and (B)
 include the same introductory chapter (VOB#1) and ending chapter (V0B#4), but have different main chapters (VOB#2 or V0B#3) .
 the introductory chapter (VOB#1) and ending chapter (VOB#4)
 are used as a common playback path, and objects (VOB#2 and VOB#3) of different playback paths are independently recorded.
 VOB#2 and VOB#3
 are broken up into smaller units, and these units are recorded alternately (i.e., so-called interleaved recording) ,. thus implementing seamless playback.
 a unit of this interleaved recording
 is an interleaved unit (ILVU) .
 an interval in which playback data of VOB#1 or VOB#4 are contiguously allocated
 is defined as a contiguous block, and an interval in which playback data of VOB#2 and V0B#3 are alternately allocated is defined as an interleaved block.
 FIG. 70
 is a view for explaining the time map of the ILVU interval.
 time entries
 (2-1, 2-2, ... of VOB#2, and 3-1, 3-2, ... of VOB#3) are assigned to VOB#2 and VOB#3 as playback paths at predetermined time intervals (e.g., 10-sec time intervals) (FIG. 70 (b) ) , and hold designated addresses.
 the addresses of the respective time entries
 are re-designated as offset addresses from the head of the interleaved block (FIG. 70 (c) ) .
 FIG. 71
 shows an example that generalizes the time map including the interleaved block interval that has been explained using FIG. 70.
 This time map
 is configured for each block.
 the start addresses of respective blocks
 are designated as offset addresses (BLK_J ⁇ DR) from the head of the VTSTT_VOBS.
 BLK_J ⁇ DR
 offset addresses
 each time entry (TM_EN#) designated by a predetermined time interval (TMU)
 (e.g., 10 sec) is indicated by an offset address (TM_EN_ADR). from the head of each block, and is stored as a time entry table (not shown) .
 time entries
 TM_EN#ql, TM_EN#q2, ... , and TM_EN#rl, TM_EN#r2, ... in this case
 the start addresses (ILVU_ADR) of interleaved units alternately allocated in the interleaved block
 are designated by offset addresses from the head of the block.
 IMVU_SZ
 can be described in, e.g., TMAP_GI in FIG. 59
 each time map
 includes the number of all VOBU data (VOBU_Ns; not shown) stored in each block, the size (VOBU_SZ) and playback time
 the time map
 may have the end address information (2NDREF_SZ, 3RDREF_SZ; neither are shown) of each of second reference picture (I- or P-picture other than the first reference picture) data and third reference picture (I- or P- picture other than the first and second reference pictures) data in addition to the first reference picture.
 FIG. 72
 is a block diagram for explaining an example of the internal structure of a playback apparatus (advanced VTS compatible DVD-Video player) according to another embodiment of the present invention.
 This DVD-Video player
 plays back and processes the recording content from information storage medium 1 shown in FIGS. 1, 50, 51, 73, 74, 79, and the like, and downloads and processes advanced content from a communication line (e.g., the Internet or the like) .
 a communication line
 e.g., the Internet or the like
 the DVD-Video player shown in FIG. 72
 comprises DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100, interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200, disc unit (disc drive) 300, user interface unit 400, and the like.
 DVD-Video playback engine 100
 plays back and processes an MPEG2 program stream (DVD-Video content) recorded on information storage medium 1.
 Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200
 plays back and processes advanced content.
 Disc unit 300
 reads out the DVD-Video content and/or advanced content recorded on information storage medium 1.
 User interface unit 400
 supplies an input by the user of the player (user operation) to the DVD-Video player as a user trigger.
 Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200
 comprises an Internet connection unit. This Internet connection unit serves as communication means that connects server unit 500 or the like via a communication line (Internet or the like) . Furthermore, interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 is configured to include buffer unit 209, parser 210, . XHTML/SVG/CSS layout manager 207, ECMAscript interpreter/DOM manipulator/SMIL interpreter/timing engine/object (interpreter unit)
 DVD-Video playback controller 102
 DVD-Video decoder 101, DVD system block 103, interface handler 202, parser 210, interpreter unit 205, XHTML/SVG/CSS layout manager 207, AV renderer 203, media decoders 208a/208b, buffer manager 204, audio manager 215, network manager 212, system clock 214, and the like can be implemented by a microcomputer (and/or hardware logic) which serves as the functions of respective blocks by an installed program (firmware; not shown) . A work area used upon executing this firmware can be assured using a semiconductor memory (and a hard disc as needed; not shown) in the block arrangement.
 DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100
 is a device for playing back DVD-Video content recorded on information storage medium 1 shown in FIG. 1 and the like, and is configured to include DVD-Video decoder 101 for decoding the DVD-Video content loaded from disc unit 300, DVD-Video playback controller 102 for making playback control of the DVD-Video content, DVD system clock 103 for determining the decode and output timings in the DVD-Video decoder, and the like.
 DVD-Video decoder 101
 has a function of decoding main picture data, audio data, and sub-picture data read out from information storage medium 1 shown in FIG. 1 and the like, and outputting the decoded video data (obtained by mixing the main picture data and sub- picture data, etc.) and audio data.
 DVD-Video playback controller 102
 can control playback of the DVD-Video content in accordance with a "DVD control signal" output from interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200. More specifically, when a given event (e.g., menu call or title jump) has occurred in DVD-Video playback engine lOO upon DVD-Video playback, DVD-Video playback controller 102 can output a "DVD trigger" signal indicating the playback condition of the DVD-Video content to interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200.
 a given event
 e.g., menu call or title jump
 DVD-Video playback controller 102
 can output a "DVD status" signal indicating property information (e.g., an audio language, sub- picture subtitle language, playback operation, playback position, various kinds of time information, disc content, and the like set in the player) of the DVD- Video player to interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200.
 property information
 e.g., an audio language, sub- picture subtitle language, playback operation, playback position, various kinds of time information, disc content, and the like set in the player
 Interface handler 202
 receives a "user trigger" corresponding to a user operation (menu call, title jump, play start, play stop, play pause, or the like) from user interface unit 400. Interface handler 202 transmits the received user trigger to interpreter unit 205 as a corresponding "event". For example, the markup language describes the following instructions for this "event”.
 the content of the user trigger signal transmitted to interface handler 202
 may be transmitted to AV renderer 203 as an "AV output control" signal.
 AV output control
 a user trigger signal based on this operation is output to AV renderer 203 as a corresponding AV output control signal.
 a user trigger signal
 which indicates switching between a video/audio output from DVD-Video playback engine 100 and that from interactive engine 200 is sent to AV renderer 203, the video/audio output can be switched in response to the user operation.
 Interface handler 202
 exchanges a "DVD status" signal, "DVD trigger” signal, and/or “DVD control” signal with DVD-Video playback controller 102, or exchanges a "user trigger” signal with user interface unit 400. Furthermore, interface handler 202 exchanges "event”, “property”, “command”, and “control” signals with interpreter unit 205.
 interface handler 202
 can do the following. 1. Interface handler 202 transmits a "DVD trigger" signal which indicates the operation of DVD- Video playback engine 100 from DVD-Video playback engine 100, or a "user trigger” which indicates the user operation from user interface unit 400 to interpreter unit 205 as an "event”.
 Interface handler 202
 transmits a "DVD status" signal which indicates the playback status of DVD-Video playback engine 100 from DVD-Video playback engine 100 to interpreter unit 205 as a "property”. At this time, DVD status information is saved in property buffer 202a of interface handler 202 as needed.
 Interface handler 202
 outputs a "DVD control" signal to control playback of DVD-Video playback engine 100 to DVD-Video playback engine 100, an "AV output control” signal to switch video and audio data to AV renderer 203, a “buffer control” signal to load/erase the content of buffer 209 to buffer manager 204, an "update control” signal to download update audio data to audio manager 215, and a "media control” signal to instruct decoding of various media to media decoders 208a/208b, in accordance with the content of a "command" signal from Interpreter unit 205. 4.
 Interface handler 202
 measures information of DVD system clock 103 in DVD-Video playback engine 100 using its DVD timing generator 202b, and transmits the measurement result to media decoders 20&a/208b as a "DVD timing" signal. That is, media decoders 208a/208b can decode various media in synchronism with system clock 103 of DVD-Video playback engine 100.
 interface handler 202
 has a function of parsing and interpreting advanced content, and then exchanging control signals and the like between DVD-Video playback engine 100 and interactive engine 200.
 Interface handler 202
 is configured to exchange a first signal and also a second signal on the basis of the content which are parsed by parser 210 and are interpreted by interpreter unit 205, or .a user trigger from an input device (e.g., a remote controller/ not shown) .
 interface handler 202
 controls the output states of video and audio signals by AV renderer 203 on the basis of at least one of the first signal exchanged with DVD-Video playback controller 102, and the second signal exchanged with interpreter unit 205.
 the first signal
 pertains to the playback status of information storage medium 1, and corresponds to the "DVD control” signal, “DVD trigger” signal, “DVD status” signal, and the like.
 the second signal
 pertains to the content of the advanced content, and corresponds to the "event” signal, "command” signal, “property” signal, "control” signal, and the like.
 Interface handler 202
 is configured to execute processes corresponding to user triggers in accordance with the markup language.
 AV renderer 203
 is configured to mix video/audio data generated by media decoders 208a/208b with that played back by DVD-Video playback engine 100 on the basis of the execution results of the processes corresponding to user triggers, and to output mixed data.
 AV renderer 203
 is configured to select one of video/audio data generated by media decoders 208a/208b and that played back by DVD-Video playback engine 100 on the basis of the execution result of the "command" in interface handler 202, and to output the selected video/audio data.
 parser 210
 parses the markup language indicating playback control information, which is included in advanced content acquired from information storage medium 1 or advanced content downloaded from the Internet or the like.
 the markup language
 is configured by a combination of markup languages such as HTML/XHTML, SMIL, and the like, script languages such as ECMAscript, Javascript, and the like, and stylesheets such as CSS and the like, as described above.
 Parser 210
 has a function of transmitting an ECMAscript module to an ECMAscript interpreter, a SMIL module to a SMIL interpreter of interpreter unit 205, and an XHTML module to XHTML/SVG/CSS layout manager 207 in accordance with the parsing result.
 the ECMAscript interpreter
 interprets the aforementioned ECMAscript module and follows its instructions. That is, the ECMAscript interpreter has a function of issuing a "command" signal used to control respective functions in interactive engine 200 to interface handler 202 in correspondence with an "event” signal sent from interface handler 202 or a ' "property” signal read from property buffer 202a of interface handler 202. At this time, the ECMAscript interpreter issues a "command" signal to DVD-Video playback engine 100 or a "media control" signal to media decoders 208a/208b at the timings designated by the markup language in accordance with the time measured by system clock 214.
 the SMIL timing engine
 interprets the aforementioned SMIL module and follows its instructions. That is, the SMIL timing engine has a function of issuing a "control" signal to interface handler 202 or media decoders 208a/208b in correspondence with an "event" signal sent from interface handler 202 or a "property” signal read from property buffer 202a of interface handler 202 in accordance with system clock 214.
 SMIL timing engine
 can operate based on system clock 214 in accordance with the description of the markup language, or can operate on the basis of DVD system clock 103 from DVD timing generator 202b.
 XHTML/SVG/CSS layout manager 207
 interprets the aforementioned XHTML module and follows . its instructions. That is, XHTML/SVG/CSS layout manager 207 outputs a "layout control" signal to AV renderer 203.
 the "layout control" signal
 includes information associated with the size and position of a video screen to be output (this information often includes information associated with a display time such as display start, end, or continuation) , and information associated with the level of audio data to be output (this information often includes information associated with an output time such as output start, end, or continuation) . Also, text information to be displayed, which is included in the XHTML module, is sent to media decoders 208a/208b, and is decoded and displayed using desired font data.
 commands and variables unique to the markup or script language
 those which are used to change the video size from DVD-Video playback engine 100 and/or interactive engine.200 and to change the layout of that video data are available.
 a change in video size
 is designated using a size change command and a variable that designates the size after change.
 a change in video layout
 is designated by a display position change command and a variable that designates the coordinate position or the like after change.
 commands and variables unique to the markup or script language
 those which are used to change the audio level from DVD-Video playback engine 100 and/or interactive engine 200 or to select an audio language to be used are available.
 a change in audio level
 is designated by an audio level change command and a variable that designates an audio level after change.
 An audio language to be used
 is selected by an audio language change command and a variable that designates the type of language after change.
 those which are used to control user triggers from user interface unit 400
 are available.
 a "layout control" signal
 is sent from XHTML/SVG/CSS layout manager 207 (some functions are often implemented by the SMIL timing engine 206) to AV renderer 203.
 the "layout control" signal
 controls the layout on the screen, size, output timing, and output time of video data to be displayed on, e.g., an external monitor device or the like (not shown) , and/or the tone/loudness, output timing, and output time of audio data to be played back from an external loudspeaker (not shown) .
 Media decoders 208a/208b
 decode data of the advanced content such as audio data, still picture (including a background picture) /animation, text/font data, movie data, and the like included in the advanced content. That is, each of media decoders 208a/208b includes an audio decoder, still picture/animation decoder, text/font decoder, and movie decoder in correspondence with objects to be decoded.
 audio data in the advanced content
 which is encoded by, e.g., MPEG, AC-3(, or DTS is decoded by the audio decoder and is converted into non-compressed audio data.
 Still picture data or background picture data
 which is encoded by JPEG, GIF, or PNG, is decoded by the still picture decoder, and is converted into non-compressed picture data.
 movie or animation data
 which is encoded by MPEG2, MPEG4,
 Macromedia Flash
 or Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG)
 SVG
 Scalable Vector Graphics
 OpenType format
 included in the advanced content, and is converted into text picture data which can be superimposed on a movie or still picture.
 Video/audio data
 which includes these decoded audio data, picture data, animation/movie data, and text picture data as needed, is sent from media decoders 208a/208b to AV renderer 203.
 This advanced content
 is decoded in accordance with an instruction of a "media control" signal from interface handler 202 and in synchronism with a "DVD timing" signal from interface handler 202 and a “timing" signal from system clock 214.
 AV renderer 203
 has a function of controlling a video/audio output.
 AV renderer 203
 controls, e.g., the video display position and size (often including the display timing and display time together) , and the audio level (often including the output timing and output time together) in accordance with the "layout control" signal output .from XHTML/SVG/CSS layout manager 207. Also, AV renderer 203 executes pixel conversion of video data in accordance with the type of designated monitor and/or the type of video data to be displayed.
 the video/audio outputs to be controlled
 are those from DVD-Video playback engine 100 and media decoders 208a/208b.
 AV renderer 203
 has a function of controlling mixing and switching of the DVD-Video content and advanced content in accordance with an "AV output control" signal output from interface handler 202.
 interactive engine 200 in the DVD-Video player in FIG. 72
 comprises an interface for sending the markup language in the advanced content read from information storage medium 1 to parser 210 via buffer unit 209, and an interface for sending data (audio data, still picture/animation data, text/font data, movie data, and the like) in the read advanced content to media decoders 208a/208b via buffer unit 209.
 These interfaces
 form an interface (first interface) independent from the Internet connection unit in FIG. 72.
 the DVD-Video player in FIG. 72
 comprises an interface for receiving advanced content from a communication line such as the Internet or the like, and sending the markup language in the received advanced content to parser 210 via buffer unit 209, and an interface for sending data (audio data, still picture/animation data, text/font data, movie data, and the like) in the received advanced content to media decoders 208a/208b via buffer unit 209.
 a communication line
 such as the Internet or the like
 data
 audio data, still picture/animation data, text/font data, movie data, and the like
 media decoders 208a/208b
 via buffer unit 209.
 Buffer unit 209
 includes a buffer that stores the advanced content downloaded from server unit .500, and also stores the advanced content read from information storage medium 1 via disc unit 300. Buffer unit 209 reads the advanced content stored in server unit 500, and downloads them via the Internet connection unit under the control of buffer manager 204 based on the markup language/script language.
 buffer unit 209
 loads the advanced content recorded on information storage medium 1 under the control of buffer manager 204 based on the markup language/script language.
 disc unit 300
 is a device that can access the disc at high speed, disc unit 300 can read out the advanced content from information storage medium 1 while playing back the DVD-Video content, i.e., reading out DVD-Video data from information storage medium 1.
 disc unit 300
 is not a device that can make high-speed access, or if the playback operation of the DVD-Video content is to be perfectly guaranteed, playback of the DVD-Video content must not be interrupted.
 the advanced content
 is read out from information storage medium 1 and are stored in the buffer in advance prior to the beginning of playback. In this way, since the advanced content is read out from the buffer simultaneously when the DVD-Video content are read out from information storage medium 1, the load on disc unit 300 can be reduced. Hence, the DVD-Video content and advanced content can be simultaneously played back without interrupting playback of the DVD-Video content.
 the DVD-Video content and advanced content
 can be simultaneously read out and played back.
 Buffer unit 209
 has a limited storage capacity. That is, the data size of the advanced content that can be stored in buffer unit 209 is limited. For this reason, it is possible to erase the advanced content with low necessity and to save those with high necessity under the control of buffer manager 204 (buffer control) . Buffer unit 209 can automatically execute such save and erase control.
 buffer unit 209
 has a function (preload end trigger, load end trigger) of loading content requested by buffer manager 204 . from disc unit 300 or server unit 500 into buffer unit 209, and informing buffer manager 204 that the advanced content designated by buffer manager 204 have been loaded into the buffer.
 Buffer manager 204
 can send the following instructions as "buffer control" to buffer unit 209 in accordance with an instruction of the markup language (even during playback of DVD video content) . ( load all or part of a specific file from a server;
 buffer manager 204
 instructs buffer unit 209 to load the advanced content in accordance with loading information, which is described in the markup language (or in a file designated by the markup language) .
 Buffer manager 204
 has a function (buffer control) of requesting to inform that specific advanced content described in loading information have been loaded into buffer unit 209.
 buffer unit 209
 Upon completion of loading of the specific advanced content into buffer unit 209, buffer unit 209 informs buffer manager 204 of it, and the buffer manager informs interface handler 202 of it (preload end trigger, load end trigger) .
 Audio manager 215
 has a function of issuing an instruction for loading update audio data (audio commentary data) from information storage medium 1 in disc unit 300 or server unit 500 into buffer unit 209 in accordance with an instruction of the markup language (update control) .
 Network manager 212
 controls the operation of the Internet connection unit. That is, network manager 212 switches connection/disconnection of the Internet connection unit when the markup language designates connection or disconnection to or from the network as a "command". Also, network manager 212 has a function of checking the connection state to the network, and allows the markup language to download the advanced content in accordance with the connection state to the network.
 Persistent storage 216
 is an area for recording information (information set by the user and the like) associated with information storage medium 1, and comprises a nonvolatile storage medium such as a hard disc, flash memory, or the like. That is, even after the power supply of the DVD player is turned off, this information is held.
 information associated with the information storage medium to be played back
 information such as the playback position of the DVD-Video content or advanced content, user information required in user authentication implemented by the advanced content, a game score of a game implemented by the advanced content, and the like are recorded in accordance with an instruction of the markup language (storage control) .
 the markup language
 storage control
 Interactive engine 200
 comprises: (Parser 210 )
 Parser 210
 parses the content of the markup language.
 ECMAscript interpreter
 SMIL timing engine, and the like
 XHTML/SVG/CSS layout manager 207
 respectively interpret the parsed modules.
 Interface handler 202
 handles control signals from interpreter unit 205, and those from DVDyVideo playback controller 102.
 Media decoders 208a/208b
 generate video/audio data corresponding to audio data, still picture data, text/font data, movie data, and the like included in the advanced content in synchronism with system clock 103 of DVD playback engine 100 or system clock 214 of Interactive engine 200.
 AV renderer 203
 AV renderer 203
 AV renderer 203
 outputs data obtained by mixing video/audio data generated by media decoders 208a/208b to that played back by DVD-Video playback engine 100 on the basis of the execution result of the "command" in interface handler 202. Or AV renderer 203 selectively outputs one of video/audio data generated by media decoders 208a/208b and that played back by DVD-Video playback engine 100 on the basis of the execution result of the "command" in interface handler 202. (Buffer unit 209
 Buffer unit 209
 temporarily stores the advanced content acquired from disc unit 300 or from server unit 500 via the Internet connection unit.
 Buffer, manager 204
 loads or erases advanced content data to or from buffer unit 209 in accordance with an instruction from interface handler 202 (an instruction of the markup language) , or the description of loading information (FIG. 90) .
 an instruction from interface handler 202
 an instruction of the markup language
 the description of loading information
 FIG. 90
 the network manager
 controls connection or disconnection to or from the network and checks the connection state in accordance with an instruction of the markup language.
 the persistent storage
 holds information associated with the information storage medium such as the playback position of the content, user information, and the like, and also the advanced content downloaded from server unit 500.
 FIG. 73
 shows an example of an information storage medium that records only content (standard content) which can be produced by the conventional production technique and aim at achieving high image quality of a title itself.
 this information storage medium
 is called a "content type 1 disc”.
 the content type 1 disc
 includes HD video manager recording area 30 (at this time, Application Type in HDVMG_CAT in area 30 records "0000b" indicating that information storage medium 1 includes only standard VTS data) , and one or more HD video title set recording areas 40, which are recorded in. video data recording area 20.
 this information storage medium
 includes neither advanced HD video title set recording area 50 recorded in video data recording area 20 nor the_ advanced content recorded in advanced content recording area 21.
 FP_PGCI recorded in HD video manager information management table 310
 is referred to, and playback starts in accordance with the description of the FP_PGCI. This procedure is the same as that of the conventional DVD-Video.
 FIG. 72
 shows an example of the arrangement of the DVD player
 data supplied from information storage medium 1
 is processed by only DVD-Video playback engine 100, but does not undergo any processing in interactive engine 200. That is, video/audio data processed by DVD-Video playback engine 100 is output while passing through AV renderer 203.
 FIG. 74
 shows an example of an information storage medium that records only content (advanced content) which aim at providing colorful menus, improving interactiveness, and so forth even in content of menu screens, bonus video pictures, and the like in addition to realization of high image quality of a title itself. Note that this information storage medium is called a "content type 2 disc (including only advanced VTS data)".
 the content type 2 disc
 (including only advanced VTS data) includes one HD video manager recording area 30 and one advanced HD video title set recording area 50 recorded in video data recording area 20, and advanced content recorded in advanced content recording area 21.
 this information storage medium
 does not include any HD video title set recording area 40 recorded in video data recording area 20.
 HD video manager recording area 30 of the content type 2 disc
 includes advanced HD video manager information recording area (AHDVMGI) 35 and advanced HD video manager information backup area (AHDVMGI BUP) 36.
 AHDVMGI
 advanced HD video manager information recording area
 AHDVMGI BUP
 advanced HD video manager information backup area
 Application Type in HDVMG_CAT in area 30
 records "0001b" indicating that information storage medium 11 includes only advanced VTS data.
 startup information
 Upon playing back information storage medium 1 of this "content type 2 disc", startup information
 FIG. 75
 shows an example of the detailed data structure in advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI) area 35 in information storage medium 1 in FIG. 74.
 Advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI) area 35
 stores advanced HD video manager information management table (AHDVMGI_MAT) information 350 which records management information, common to the entire HD_DVD-Video content recorded in video recording area 20 together, and advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) information 351 that records information helpful to search (to detect the start positions of) titles present in the HD_DVD-Video content.
 AHDVMGI_MAT
 advanced HD video manager information management table
 ADTT_SRPT
 advanced title search pointer table
 FIG. 76
 shows an example of the detailed data structure in advanced HD video manager information management table (AHDVMGI_MAT) 350 in FIG. 75.
 AHDVMGI_MAT
 advanced HD video manager information management table
 Advanced HD video manager information management table
 (AHDVMGI MAT) 350 records various kinds of information including an HD video manager identifier (HDVMG_ID) , the end address (HDVMG_EA) of the HD video manager, the end address (HDVMGI_EA) of the HD video manager information, the version number (VERN) of the HD_DVD- Video standard, an HD video manager category
 HDVMG_CAT
 (in this information storage medium, Application Type in the HDVMG_CAT records "0001b"), a volume set identifier (VLMS_ID) , an adaptation identifier (ADP_ID) , the number (HDVTS_Ns) of HD video title sets (which records "0" since this information storage medium stores no standard VTS) , a provider unique identifier (PVR_ID) , a POS code (POS_CD) , the end address. (AHDVMGI_MAT_EA) of the advanced HD video manager information management table, and the start address (TT_SPRT_SA) of the TT_SPRT.
 VLMS_ID
 volume set identifier
 ADP_ID
 adaptation identifier
 HDVTS_Ns
 the number of HD video title sets (which records "0" since this information storage medium stores no standard VTS)
 PVR_ID
 provider unique identifier
 POS_CD
 POS code
 this information storage medium
 does not store the start address (FP__PGCI_SA) of first play program chain information, the start address (HDVMGM_VOBS_SA) of an HDVMGM_VOBS, the start address (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT_SA) of the HDVMGM_PGCI_UT, the start address (PTL_MAIT_SA) of the PTL_MAIT, the start address (HDVTS_ATRT_SA) of the HDVTS_ATRT, the start address (TXTDT_MG_SA) of the TXTDT_MG, the start address (HDVMGM_C_ADT_SA) of the HDVMGM_C_ADT, the start address (HDVMGM_VOB ⁇ _ADMAP_SA) of the HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP, an HDVMGM video attribute (HDVMGM V ATR), the number (HDVMGM AST Ns) of HDVMGM audio streams, an HDVMGM audio stream attribute (HDVMGM_AST_ATR) , the number (HDVMGM_SPST
 FIG. 7.7
 shows an example of the internal structure of advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351 shown in FIG. 75.
 Advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351
 includes advanced title .search pointer table information (ADTT_SRPTI) 351a and advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRP) information 351c. Only- one piece of advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRP) information 351c in advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351 is present in an information storage medium including an advanced VTS but it does not exist in another information storage media. Advanced title search pointer table information
 ADTT_SRPTI
 351a records common management information of advanced title search pointer table (ADTT SRPT) 351, and records information of the number (ADTT_SRP_Ns) of title search pointers included in advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351 ("1" is recorded since there is only one advanced VTS in this information storage medium) , and the end address (ADTT_SRPT_EA) information of this advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351 (a fixed value is recorded since there is only one advanced VTS in this information storage medium) in a file of the advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI) area.
 ADTT SRPT
 advanced title search pointer table
 AHDVMGI
 advanced HD video manager information
 One advanced title search pointer (ADTT_SRP) information 351c
 records various kinds of information including the number (PTT_Ns) of Part_of_Titles (PTT), and the start address (HDVTS_SA) of the HDVTS of interest, in association with a title indicated by this search pointer.
 This medium
 does not include a title playback type (TT_PB_TY) , the number (AGL_Ns) of angles, title Parental_ID_Field (TT_PTL__ID_FLD) information, an HDVTS number (HDVTSN) , and an HDVTS title number (HDVTSJTTN) , which are stored in the content type 1 disc, or these areas are used as reserved areas .
 TT_PB_TY
 title playback type
 AGL_Ns
 title Parental_ID_Field
 HDVTSN
 HDVTS number
 HDVTSJTTN
 HDVTS title number
 FIG. 78
 is a view for explaining a playback model (example 1) of a disc that records an advanced VTS (AHDVTS) .
 a playback example of typical content type 2 disc
 (including only an advanced VTS) will be described below using FIG. 78.
 interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200
 parses a menu page XML file which is stored in the advanced content recording area used to playback a menu screen described in the markup/script language.
 the menu page XML file
 describes a control process for controlling DVD- Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 to repetitively play back video data of the advanced VTS using the markup/script language.
 Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200
 issues a playback command (arrow a) to DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 in accordance with the description.
 the page menu XML file
 stores a description for forming a menu screen using button images stored in the animation/still picture recording area and font data stored in the font recording area in advanced content recording area 21.
 Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200
 controls AV renderer 203 to mix the output that forms the screen according to these descriptions, and the video output of the advanced VTS by aforementioned DVD-Video playback engine (DVD__ENG) 100, thus implementing playback of the menu screen.
 DVD__ENG
 DVD-Video playback engine
 the user
 selects a button used to execute playback of a video title itself of menu select buttons laid out on the screen using a remote controller or the like.
 the menu page XML file
 describes a script process associated with the selected button, and a jump event to a DVD playback engine control page is generated (arrow b) .
 the DVD playback engine control page
 describes a control process for playing back the starting part of the video title itself using the markup/script language.
 Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200
 issues a playback command to DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 in accordance with the description (arrow c) .
 the DVD playback engine control page
 also stores descriptions used to form a menu screen that can be displayed during playback of the video title itself (e.g., a menu is formed using a screen smaller than the video title itself, and is superimposed on the video title itself by seeing through the menu screen) and to superimpose a subtitle, using button images stored in the animation/still picture recording area and font data stored in the font recording area in the advanced content recording area 21.
 Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200
 controls AV renderer 203 to mix .
 DVD_ENG
 DVD-Video playback engine
 interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200-
 controls the XML file to be processed to jump to the menu page XML file so as to play back the menu screen again in accordance with the description in the DVD-Video playback engine control page XML file (arrow d) .
 a broken arrow marked with a circle with an oblique line in FIG. 78
 indicates that a jump event based on a navigation command in the advanced VTS is inhibited.
 FIG. 79
 shows an example of an information storage medium which records both content (standard content) which can be produced by the conventional production technique and aim at realizing high image quality of a title itself, and content (advanced content) which aim at providing colorful menus, improving interactiveness, and so forth even in content of menu screens, bonus video pictures, and the like in addition to realization of high image quality of the title itself.
 this information storage medium
 is called a "content type 2 disc (including both advanced and standard VTS data)".
 the content type 2 disc including both advanced and standard VTS data
 includes one HD video manager recording area 30, one or more HD video title set recording areas 40, and one advanced HD video title set recording area 50, which are recorded in video data recording area 20, and advanced content (21A to 21E) recorded in advanced content recording area 21.
 this HD video manager recording area 30
 includes advanced HD video manager information recording area (AHDVMGI) 35 and advanced HD video manager information backup area (AHDVMGI_BUP) 36.
 AHDVMGI
 advanced HD video manager information recording area
 AHDVMGI_BUP
 advanced HD video manager information backup area
 FIG. 80
 shows an example of the detailed data structure in advanced HD video manager information
 Advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI) area 35 in the information storage medium in FIG. 79
 Advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI) area 35 stores advanced HD video manager information management table (AHDVMGI_MAT) information 350 which records management information common to the entire HD_DVD-Video content recorded in video data recording area 20 together, and advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) information 351 that records information helpful to search (to detect the start positions of) titles present in the HD_DVD-Video content.
 FIG. 81
 shows an example of the detailed data structure in advanced HD video manager information management table (AHDVMGIJMAT) 350 in FIG. 80.
 Advanced HD video manager information management table
 350 records various kinds of information including an HD video manager identifier (HDVMG_ID) , the end address (HDVMG_EA) of the HD video manager, the end address (AHDVMGI_EA) of the advanced HD video manager information, the version number (VERN) of the HD_DVD-Video standard, an HD video manager category (HDVMG_CAT: in this information storage medium,
 HDVMG_CAT
 Application Type in the HDVMG_CAT records "0010b", a volume set identifier (VLMS_ID) , an adaptation identifier (ADP_ID) , the number (HDVTS_Ns) of HD video title sets, a provider unique identifier (PVR_ID) , a POS code (POS_CD) , the end address (AHDVMGI_MAT_EA) of the advanced HD video manager information management table, and the start address (TT_SPRT_SA) of the TT_SPRT.
 VLMS_ID
 volume set identifier
 ADP_ID
 adaptation identifier
 HDVTS_Ns
 the number of HD video title sets
 PVR_ID
 provider unique identifier
 POS_CD
 POS code
 TT_SPRT_SA
 start address of the TT_SPRT.
 FP_PGCI_SA
 of first play program chain information
 the start address (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT_SA) of the HDVMGM_PGCI_UT
 the start address (PTL_MAIT_SA) of the PTL_MAIT
 the start address (HDVTS_ATRT_SA) of the HDVTS_ATRT
 the start address (TXTDT_MG_SA) of the TXTDT_MG
 HDVMGM_C_ADT
 the start address (HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP_SA) of the HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP, an HDVMGM video attribute (HDVMGM-V-ATR), the number (HDVMGM_AST_Ns) of HDVMGM audio streams, an HDVMGM audio stream attribute (HDVMGM_AST_ATR) , the number (HDVMGM_SPST_Ns) of HDVMGM sub-picture streams, an HDVMGM sub-picture stream attribute (HDVMGM_SPST_ATR) , first play PGCI (FP_PGCI) that records management information for language selection menus, the start address information (HDMENU_AOBS_SA) of an HDMENU_AOBS, the start address information (HDMENU_AOBSIT_SA) of the HDVMGM_AOBS information table, and information of the number (HDVMGM_GUST_Ns) of HDVMGM graphics unit streams, which are stored in the content type 1 disc (or these areas are used as reserved areas) .
 FIG. 82
 shows an example of the internal structure of advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351 shown in FIG. 80.
 Advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351
 includes advanced title search pointer table information (ADTT_SRPTI) 351a, standard title search pointer (SDTT_SRP) 351b, and advanced title search pointer table (ADTT SRP) information .35Ic. Only one piece of advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRP) information 351c in advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351 is present in an information storage medium including an advanced VTS but it does not exist in other information storage media. Also, standard title search pointer (SDTT_SRP) 315b is present only when an information storage medium records standard VTS data.
 SDTT_SRP
 standard title search pointer
 Advanced title search pointer table information (ADTT_SRPTI) 351a
 records, as common management information of advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351, information of the number (ADTT_SRP_Ns) of title search pointers included in advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351, and the end address (ADTT_SRPT_EA) information of this advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351 in a file of the advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI) area.
 ADTT_SRPT
 common management information of advanced title search pointer table
 ADTT_SRPT
 information of the number (ADTT_SRP_Ns) of title search pointers included in advanced title search pointer table
 ADTT_SRPT_EA
 end address
 ADTT_SRP
 advanced title search pointer
 PTT_Ns
 the number of Part_of_Titles
 HDVTS_SA
 start address of the HDVTS of interest
 79 to 82
 does not include a title playback type (TT_PB_TY) , the number (AGL_Ns) of angles, title Parental_ID_Field (TT_PTL__ID_FLD) information, an HDVTS number (HDVTSN) , and an HDVTS title number ' (HDVTS_TTN) (or these areas are used as reserved areas) .
 TT_PB_TY
 title playback type
 AGL_Ns
 title Parental_ID_Field
 HDVTSN
 HDVTS number
 HDVTS_TTN
 HDVTS title number '
 One standard title search pointer (SDTT_SRP) information 351b
 records various kinds of information including a title playback type (TT_PB_TY) , the number (AGL_Ns) of angles, the number (PTT_Ns) of Part_of_Titles (PTT), title Parental_ID_Field (TT_PTL_ID_FLD) information, an HDVTS number (HDVTSN) , an HDVTS title number (HDVTS_TTN) , and the start address (HDVTS_SA) of the HDVTS of interest, in association, with a title indicated by this search pointer.
 FIG. 83
 is a view for explaining the relationship between the playback states of an advanced VTS and standard VTS.
 FIG. 83
 shows an example a state machine that indicates transition of a playback control module of the content type 2 disc.
 playback
 starts from an initial state when interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 interprets startup information (STARTUP.XML) recorded in markup/script language recording area 21A, and the control transits to an advanced VTS playback state.
 INT_ENG
 interactive engine
 startup information
 STTUP.XML
 interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200
 In the advanced VTS playback state, interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 generates text information, button images, and the like, which form a menu screen, and issues a video playback start instruction command to DVD-Video playback engine ' (DVD_ENG) 100.
 Interactive engine 200
 controls AV renderer 203 to mix the output that forms the screen with the video output of DVD- Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100, thus implementing playback of the menu screen.
 a markup/script language file that describes a menu page to be interpreted in the advanced VTS playback state
 describes a script which defines the behaviors of event handlers which are associated with events such as button clicking and the like by the user.
 an event handler associated with a button image that indicates playback of a movie video title itself
 describes a command required to shift the control to a standard VTS playback state.
 interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200
 executes the command required to shift the control to the standard VTS playback state, and the state machine makes the video playback control transit to the standard VTS playback state executed by DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100.
 DVD_ENG
 DVD-Video playback engine
 DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100
 interprets a cell playback information table (C_PBIT) , program chain command table (PGC CMDT) , and the like in a program chain (PGC) stored in a PGC and the like in the standard VTS, and executes playback control of the standard VTS in accordance with their description content.
 C_PBIT
 cell playback information table
 PGC CMDT
 program chain command table
 PGC
 program chain
 the program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) and the like of the standard VTS
 can describe a shift command ("CaIlINTENG” or the like in FIG. 43 (d) ) to the advanced VTS playback state.
 DVD- Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100
 can execute the shift command to the advanced VTS playback state when it executes a command interpretation process upon completion of a series of video playback processes, or DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 can shift the video playback control to the advanced VTS playback state executed by interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 upon reception of an event of a user command such as menu call or the like.
 DVD-Video playback engine 100
 may temporarily store information such as the video playback position of the standard VTS or the like immediately before the playback control transits to prepare for a resume playback process from interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200, so as to implement a temporary call process of a menu screen or the like.
 INT_ENG
 interactive engine
 Table A
 shows a practical example of commands used to shift from the advanced VTS playback state to the standard VTS playback state in the markup/script language file to be interpreted by interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 (commands other than those in this example may be adopted as needed) .
 INT_ENG
 interactive engine
 CaIlDVDENGJTT
 is a command that designates the title number of a standard VTS upon shifting from the advanced VTS playback state to the standard VTS playback state.
 DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100
 loads a standard VTS including the designated title, and starts playback from the head of the title.
 CallDDVENG_PTT
 is a command that designates the title number and chapter number (PTT number) of a standard VTS upon shifting from the advanced VTS playback state to the standard VTS playback state.
 DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100
 loads a standard VTS including the designated title, and starts playback from the head of the designated chapter number (PTT number) .
 CallDVDENG_TM
 is a command that designates the title number and an offset of the playback start time from the head of the title video of a standard VTS upon shifting from the advanced VTS playback state to the standard VTS playback state.
 DVD-Video .playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100
 loads a standard VTS including the designated title, and starts playback from the designated playback time position.
 CallDVDENG_RSM
 is a command that designates execution of a resume process upon shifting from the advanced VTS playback state to the standard VTS playback state.
 DVD- Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100
 resumes playback in accordance with the temporarily stored playback position information when the control transits from the immediately preceding standard VTS playback state to the advanced VTS playback state.
 FIG. 84
 shows an example of argument definition of a command (CaIlINTENG command) required to shift from the standard VTS playback state to the advanced VTS playback state of navigation commands to be interpreted by the DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) .
 a command code
 is stored in bits b63 to b48, and bl5 to bO are assigned to a reserved area for future expansion.
 a 16-bit control parameter storage area
 is assigned to b47 to b32.
 this area
 can store an arbitrary value which is used to select an arbitrary process in the description of the markup/script language file to be interpreted by interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 after the control transits to the advanced VTS playback state. That is, this data area can be used for an arbitrary purpose upon producing video content.
 An area for storing the playback start cell number in the resume process
 is assigned to b31 to b23.
 An area for storing a menu identifier
 is assigned to bl9 to bl ⁇ , and is used to designate the type of menu to be called upon calling a menu especially when the control transits from the standard VTS playback state to the advanced VTS playback state.
 the type of menu identifier that can be called
 includes:
 control parameter
 may be expressed based on the aforementioned control parameter or by combining the control parameter and menu identifier.
 FIG. 85
 is a flowchart for explaining the switching algorithm of a user command process. This flowchart exemplifies a process for switching a module that handles a process when a user command is generated.
 a user operation module
 Upon playing back the content type 2 disc (of a type including both advanced and standard VTS data) , when an event of a user command associated with button depression on a remote controller or front panel (not shown) is generated, a user operation module confirms the current playback state (step ST850), and switches a module which is to be notified of the user event.
 the user .operation module
 notifies interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 of the user event; if the current state is the standard VTS playback state (NO in step ST850), the user operation module notifies DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 of the user event, thus executing the process of the user command.
 INT_ENG
 interactive engine
 DVD_ENG
 DVD-Video playback engine
 FIG. 86
 shows an example of domain transition of the content type 2 disc.
 a VMG menu domain
 VGM_D0M
 VTS menu domain
 VTSM_DOM
 TT_DOM
 title domain
 Menu video picture data in the VMG menu domain and VTS menu domain
 is realized by playing back video picture data stored in the advanced VTS in accordance with the description of the "XML file” in addition to text information and button images rendered in accordance with the description of the "menu XML file” described in the markup/script language.
 Transition between the VMG menu domain and VTS menu domain
 is implemented by executing a hyperlink process between menu XML files described in these menu XML files.
 playback of the advanced VTS
 may stop in correspondence with a change in page, and playback may start from a new position or may be continued from the previous position.
 Transition from the VMG menu domain (VMGM_DOM) , VTS menu domain (VTS DOM) , or the like to the title domain (TT_DOM)
 is implemented by executing a playback start command of a standard VTS (e.g., a CallDVDENG_xxx command listed in table A above) described in an XML file, and transferring the DVD playback .control to DVD- Video playback engine 100.
 a standard VTS
 e.g., a CallDVDENG_xxx command listed in table A above
 transition from the title domain (TT_DOM) to the VMG menu domain (VMGM_DOM)
 may be implemented by defining a new command such as the aforementioned CaIlINTENG command and storing this new command in the program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) in the standard VTS.
 transition from the title domain (TT_DOM) to the VMG menu domain (VMGM_DOM)
 may take place when an argument of a CaIlSS command indicates VMGM_DOM.
 an event generated upon depression of a root menu button arranged on a remote controller or the like
 may be acquired, and transition from the title domain (TT_DOM) to the VMG menu domain (VMGM_DOM) may take place upon acquisition of this event.
 transition from the title domain
 such as the aforementioned CaIlINTENG command
 PPC_CMDT
 program chain command table
 TT_DOM
 to the VTS menu domain (VTSM_DOM)
 VTSM_DOM
 may be implemented by defining a new command such as the aforementioned CaIlINTENG command or the like, and storing this new command in the program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) in the standard VTS, or this domain transition may take place when an argument of a CaIlSS command indicates VTSM DOM.
 PPC_CMDT
 program chain command table
 an event generated upon depression of a title menu button arranged on a remote controller or the like (not shown)
 may be acquired, and transition from the title domain (TT_DOM) to the VTS menu domain (VTSM_DOM) may take place upon acquisition of this event.
 FIG. 87
 is a view for explaining a playback model (example 2) of a disc that records both an advanced VTS (AHDVTS) and standard VTS (HDVTS) .
 AHDVTS
 advanced VTS
 HDVTS
 standard VTS
 FIG. 87
 A playback example of a typical content type 2 disc (of a type including both advanced and standard VTS data) will be explained using FIG. 87.
 interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200
 parses a menu page XML file which is stored in the advanced content recording area and is required to play back a menu screen described in the markup/script language.
 the menu page XML file
 describes a control process for controlling DVD- Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 to repetitively play back video data of the advanced VTS using the markup/script language.
 Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200
 issues a playback command (arrow a) to DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 in accordance with the description.
 the menu page XML file
 stores a description for forming a menu screen using button images stored in the animation/still picture recording area and font data stored in the font recording area in advanced content recording area 21.
 Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200
 controls AV renderer 203 to mix the output that forms the screen according to these descriptions, and the video output of the advanced VTS by aforementioned DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100, thus implementing playback of the menu screen.
 the menu page XML file
 describes a script process associated with the selected button, and a jump event to a DVD playback engine control page is generated (arrow b) .
 the DVD playback engine control page
 describes a CallDVDENG_TT command which has the title number indicating the head of a video title itself as an argument.
 INT_ENG
 interactive engine 200 executes this command, transition from the advanced VTS playback state to the standard VTS playback state takes place (arrow c) .
 DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100
 executes playback of the standard VTS that stores the video title itself.
 a playback position jump process to a playback position of another VTS
 may be taken place in accordance with the description of a playback control command stored in the VTS (arrow d) .
 a broken arrow marked with a circle with an oblique line in FIG. 87
 indicates that a jump event based on a navigation command in the advanced VTS is inhibited.
 a jump event based on a navigation command
 is allowed in the standard VTS (arrow d', d", or the like) .
 Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200
 controls the XML file to be processed to jump to the menu page XML file so as to play back the menu screen again in accordance with a script description described in a handler of a CaIlINTENG command generating event in the DVD-Video playback engine control page XML file (arrow f) .
 FIG. 88
 shows the relationship among an advanced VTS, standard VTS, and video objects (called EVOB or VOB data) in the content type 2 disc including both advanced and standard VTS data.
 an advanced VTS that forms a menu and two standard VTSs which form a title (video title)
 are present.
 Respective VTSs
 refer to independent video objects.
 video picture data required to form a menu
 is quite different from that which forms a title.
 two video objects
 must be prepared although the video title and menu video picture data are the same.
 FIG. 89
 is a view for explaining a shared reference model of objects in a disc that records an advanced VTS (AHDVTS) and standard VTS (HDVTS) together. Since each of the advanced VTS side and standard VTS side stores a time map, the advanced VTS and standard VTS can refer to the same video objects, and an arbitrary period of a given scene in the video title can be extracted and used as a background picture of a menu screen. In this way, the content producer can reduce the number of processes for producing two video objects to one (in association with a shared object to be referred to) .
 AHDVTS
 advanced VTS
 HDVTS
 standard VTS
 FIG. 90
 is a view for explaining a practical example of loading information included in advanced content.
 the loading information
 includes a file name & location field, file size field, content type field, reference start time field, reference end time field, and the like.
 the file name & location field
 describes the URL address and file name of a file when that file is present on the server unit 500, or describes the directory on a disc and file name of a file when that file is present on the disc.
 the file size field
 describes the file size of a file (unit: bytes) .
 the content type field
 describes the type of content using MIME types.
 the reference start time field
 describes a reference start time of a file from the markup language or the like
 the reference end time field
 describes a reference end time of that file from the markup language or the like (that ' is, when this time has elapsed, the file loaded on the buffer may be immediately erased) .
 the playback apparatus
 determines the loading start times of all files using the reference start times, reference end times, and file sizes which are described in the loading information, and information associated with a communication rate acquired by the playback apparatus. In this way, the user wait time until the beginning .of display of the advanced content/the beginning of playback of the DVD-Video content can be minimized.
 FIG. 91
 shows the arrangement of buffer manager 204 and its peripheral units
 FIG. 92
 shows the flow upon loading data onto V buffer 209.
 a startup information file
 (STARTUP.XML) as one of advanced content recorded on information storage medium 1 in the disc unit is loaded (step STlO) .
 Parser 210
 parses this startup information (step ST12) .
 Interpreter unit 205
 interprets the parsed startup information.
 Interpreter unit 205
 registers an operation upon generation of a "preload end” event (trigger) (for example, loading/execution of markup language file INDEX.XML indicating the default screen configuration starts) , and an operation upon generation of a "load end” event (trigger) (for example, execution of a user operation which is inhibited so far is permitted) (step ST14) .
 a preload end event
 for example, loading/execution of markup language file INDEX.XML indicating the default screen configuration starts
 an operation upon generation of a "load end” event
 for example, execution of a user operation which is inhibited so far is permitted
 control of "user operation”
 can be made by PGC user operation control (PGC_UOP_CTL) in the standard VTS, and can be made by the markup language in the advanced VTS.
 PGC_UOP_CTL
 PGC user operation control
 loading information
 (see FIG. 90) is loaded (step STl ⁇ ) .
 This loading information
 may be described in the aforementioned startup file, may be recorded as one file on disc 1, or may be recorded as one file on server 500.
 the recording location and file name
 are described in the startup file.
 the loading information
 is loaded by interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 in accordance with this description, and is parsed by parser 210 (step ST18) .
 Interpreter unit 205
 interprets the parsed loading information, and buffer manager 204 loads the advanced content onto buffer 209 (step ST20) .
 the loading information
 describes the file name and location (a place where a file exists), file size, content type or MIME type (the type of data) , reference start and end times (data reference duration) , and the like of each file to be downloaded.
 files to be loaded
 are loaded from disc 1 or server unit 500 in accordance with the description order of the loading information.
 the loading information
 designates advanced content (INDEX.XML file and its related files) that form the first page as those to be "preloaded”.
 buffer 209
 After all advanced content to be “preloaded” are loaded onto buffer 209 (YES in step ST24), buffer 209 sends a "preload end trigger” signal to buffer manager 204 (step ST26) .
 buffer manager 204
 Upon reception of the "preload end trigger” signal from buffer 209, buffer manager 204 sends a “preload end trigger” signal to interface handler 202.
 interface handler 202
 Upon reception of the "preload end trigger” signal from buffer manager 204, interface handler 202 sends a "preload end event” signal as an event to interpreter unit 205.
 Interpreter unit 205
 has registered the operation upon generation of the "preload end event", as described above, and executes the registered operation (step ST28) .
 execution of loading of INDEX.XML which has been loaded onto buffer 209 and forms the first page
 is registered.
 INDEX.XML
 designates start of playback of DVD- Video content.
 display of the advanced content/playback of the DVD-Video content
 starts.
 advanced content which form the first page
 may be designated as those to be "preloaded”.
 user operations
 such as fastforwarding, skip, time search, and the like must be inhibited.
 buffer manager 204
 loads remaining advanced content (files to be stored in the buffer after the beginning of display of the advanced content/the beginning of playback of the DVD- Video content) in accordance with the description of the loading information (step-ST30) .
 the loading information
 describes that a "preload end trigger" is generated upon completion of loading of advanced content that form the first page, and a "load end trigger" is generated upon completion of loading of advanced content which form the second page.
 buffer 209
 sends a "load end trigger” signal to buffer manager 204.
 buffer manager 204
 Upon reception of the "load end trigger” signal from buffer 209, buffer manager 204 sends a "load end trigger” signal to interface handler 202.
 interface handler 202
 Upon reception of the "load end trigger” signal from buffer manager 204 (step ST34), interface handler 202 sends a "load end event” signal as an event to interpreter unit 205.
 Interpreter unit 205
 has registered the operation upon generation of the "load end event", as described above, and executes the registered operation (step ST36) . For example, when user operations such as fastforwarding, skip, time search, and the like are inhibited, the operation for permitting the inhibited user operations is registered. That is, since all advanced content are stored in buffer 209, the user operations need not be inhibited.
 FIG. 93
 is a view for explaining the configuration of an advanced VTS (AHDVTS) which exceptionally has multiple PGCs.
 a VTSJEVOBS of the advanced VTS in FIG. 93
 includes one interleaved block. This interleaved block is used to implement playback of the director's cut version and theatrical release version, as shown in, e.g., FIG. 69.
 EVOBs in the interleaved block of such VTS_EVOBS
 have different playback time durations.
 VTSI
 may manage information associated with video playback in. a plurality of PGCs.
 a playback sequence
 is defined by the cell playback information table (C_PBIT; 53 in FIG. 56) stored in a PGC.
 the cell position information table (C_POSIT; 54 in FIG. 56)
 associates cells used in playback and actual cells using EVOB numbers (EVOB#1, etc.) and cell numbers (Cell#l to Cell#3, etc.) in the VTS_EVOBS.
 EVOB#1, etc.
 EVOB numbers
 Cell#l to Cell#3, etc.
 cell numbers
 the cell playback information table
 is configured as follows.
 PGC#1 as the director's cut version
 plays back a contiguous block formed by EVOB#1, then plays back EVOB#3 formed by an interleaved block, and finally plays back a contiguous block formed by EVOB#4 all in the VTS_EVOBS.
 PGC#2 as the theatrical release version
 plays back a contiguous block formed by EVOB#1, then plays back EVOB#2 formed by an interleaved block, and finally plays back a contiguous block formed by EV0B#4 all in the VTS_EVOBS.
 respective cells (EVOBs) in the interleaved block period
 have different playback time durations.
 the playback sequences
 are defined by dividing PGCs, as in the example of FIG. 93. In this way, accesses to playback positions in time units can be easily managed.
 FIG. 94
 is a view for explaining the configuration of an advanced VTS (AHDVTS) which includes an interleaved block but has one PGC. This example is convenient, e.g., when the interleaved block forms an angle block.
 AHDVTS
 advanced VTS
 the cell playback information table
 is configured as follows. That is, a playback sequence defined by PGC#1 plays back a contiguous block formed by EVOB#1, then plays back EVOB#2 formed by an interleaved block, and finally plays back a contiguous block formed by EVOB#4 all in the VTS_EVOBS.
 the playback time
 is uniquely defined by the cell playback information .table given by one PGC, and cells to be actually played back of a VTS_EVOBS can be specified in combination with the aforementioned parameter indicating the playback angle.
 playback control information
 which is stored in the ADV_OBJ in FIG. 2 and is described using the markup/script language, playback of identical DVD content can be flexibly configured. That is, using the description of the aforementioned playback sequence information file (PBSEQOOl.XML in FIG.
 FIG. 95
 shows a description example- of a playback sequence in the playback sequence information file. Assume that the configuration in FIG. 93 is newly defined using the description of the above playback sequence information file (PBSEQOOl.XML in FIG. 2, etc.) . In the first line of the description in FIG. 95, "directors_cut" is defined as a name for uniquely defining the playback sequence, and it is defined that this playback sequence is described based on PGC information of PGC#1 and title#l.
 the definition of the playback sequence using the markup language description in the aforementioned playback sequence information file
 is convenient for a case wherein "an advanced VTS is defined as DVD video picture materials divided into respective chapters (PTTs) , which are re-defined in correspondence with use purposes like a playback sequence used in a menu screen, that used in title playback, and that used in bonus content". Since this playback sequence is defined using the markup language, it can be easily edited later.
 such playback sequence
 can be advantageously applied to, e.g., a case wherein a different sequence is to be defined later using movie content (divided into a plurality of chapters) already printed on a DVD-Video disc as a material (reordering of the playback order of a plurality of chapters including repetitive playback of a specific chapter and/or playback skip of a specific chapter) .
 FIG. 96
 shows an example in which the same playback sequence as that in FIG. 95 is described using cell units with respect to the advanced VTS shown in FIG. 71.
 FIG. 97
 shows an example of the playback sequence upon expressing a playback sequence across a plurality of PGCs.
 the playback sequence in FIG. 97
 is configured to continuously play back different video parts of the director's cut version and theatrical release version, which are formed by the interleaved block.
 Such configuration
 is effective to create content that give an explanation about the difference between the director's cut version and theatrical ⁇ release version in DVD bonus content or the like.
 the first line
 describes the PGC number that uniquely designates the chapters (PTT numbers) or cell numbers, while in the example of
 the markup description that designates the chapter number
 includes the PGC number.
 one playback sequence
 can be configured across a plurality of PGCs (across PGC#1 and PGC#2 in this example) .
 the description method in the aforementioned playback sequence information file
 (PBSEQOOl.XML in FIG. 2, etc.) allows flexible definitions, a more complicated, detailed playback sequence can be described using a definition different from the above example.
 the flow of playback of the advanced VTS stored in a DVD disc
 can be flexibly, changed (after distribution of the disc) .
 a movie company
 contrives a new method of enjoying the DVD video picture, and delivers a new playback sequence via the Internet. Then, users enjoy playback of the DVD video picture using the new playback sequence.
 FIG. 99
 is a flowchart showing an example of the processing for initializing the playback sequence of the advanced VTS (e.g., for re-setting the settings based on the default playback sequence to those of another playback sequence described in the playback sequence information file) in DVD playback engine 100 in, e.g., FIG. 72 or 100 using the playback sequence information file (PBSEQOOl.XML in FIG. 2, etc.) prior to playback of the advanced VTS.
 the advanced VTS
 e.g., for re-setting the settings based on the default playback sequence to those of another playback sequence described in the playback sequence information file
 DVD playback engine 100
 in, e.g., FIG. 72 or 100 using the playback sequence information file (PBSEQOOl.XML in FIG. 2, etc.) prior to playback of the advanced VTS.
 interactive engine 200
 Upon starting playback of the advanced VTS, interactive engine 200 begins to initialize the DVD- Video player (definition of a playback sequence of objects to be played back) in accordance with a predetermined procedure described in, e.g., startup information recording area 210A in FIG. 50.
 step STlOO
 If it is determined in a condition determination part in step STlOO that the described initialization procedure describes a playback sequence setting command of the advanced VTS based on playback sequence information (YES in step STlOO), interactive engine 200 registers playback sequence information (e.g., the description of PBSEQOOl.XML in FIG. 2) in DVD playback engine 100 (step ST102) . DVD playback engine 100 resets the playback sequence of the advanced VTS in accordance with the playback sequence information registered by interactive engine 200 in step ST102 (step ST104) .
 playback sequence information
 e.g., the description of PBSEQOOl.XML in FIG.
 DVD playback engine 100
 determines a playback sequence in accordance with cell playback information (C_PBIT) in program chain information (PGCI) recorded in the advanced VTS (step ST106) .
 C_PBIT
 cell playback information
 PGCI
 program chain information
 DVD playback engine 100
 controls playback of the advanced VTS in accordance with the playback sequence set based on the cell playback information (C_PBIT) in step ST106, or controls playback of the •advanced VTS in accordance with a playback command from interactive engine 200 on the basis of the playback sequence set based on the description of the playback sequence information file or the like in step ST104 (step ST108) .
 the playback process
 ends.
 FIG. 99
 executes the following processing. That is, it is checked if a playback sequence definition based on playback sequence information (playback sequence information acquired from, e.g., the Internet if it is not stored in the playback sequence information recording .area) is available (STlOO) .
 playback sequence information
 playedback sequence information acquired from, e.g., the Internet if it is not stored in the playback sequence information recording .area
 step STlOO
 expanded video objects (EVOBs) are played back (ST108) on the basis of management information (PGCI) in the management area (ST106) ; if the playback sequence definition based on playback sequence information is available (YES in step STlOO; initialize the playback sequence) , expanded video objects are played back (ST108) on the basis of the playback sequence information (ST102 to ST104) .
 the processing in FIG. 99
 is executed as follows. It is checked if a playback sequence definition based on playback sequence information is available (STlOO) .
 step STlOO
 If the playback sequence definition based on playback sequence information is available (YES in step STlOO; initialize the playback sequence), expanded video objects are played back (ST108) on the basis of at least one of a sequence of the program chain numbers, a sequence of the cell numbers, and a sequence of the chapter numbers, which are defined by the playback sequence information (ST102 to ST104) .
 FIG. 100
 is a system block diagram for explaining an example pf the internal structure of a playback apparatus (advanced VTS compatible DVD-Video player: another example of the apparatus shown in FIG. 72) according to another embodiment of the present invention.
 This DVD-Video player
 plays back and processes the recording content (DVD-Video content and/or advanced content) from information storage medium 1 (which records the VTSI and VTS_EVOBS shown in, e.g., FIGS. 93, 94, and the like) shown in FIGS. 1, 50, 73, 74, 79, and the like, and downloads and processes advanced content from a communication line (e.g., the Internet/home network or the like) .
 a communication line
 e.g., the Internet/home network or the like
 interactive engine 200
 comprises parser 210, advanced object manager 610, data cache 620, streaming manger 710, event handler 630, system clock 214, interpreter unit 205 including a layout engine, style engine, script engine, and timing engine, media decoder unit 208 including moving picture/animation, still picture, text/font, and sound decoders, graphics superposing unit 750, secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720, video decoder 730, audio decoder 740, and the like.
 DVD playback engine 100
 comprises DVD playback controller 102, DVD decoder unit 101 including an audio decoder, main picture decoder, sub-picture decoder, and the like, and so forth.
 the DVD-Video player
 comprises, as functional modules to be provided to interactive engine 200 and DVD playback engine 100, persistent storage 216, DVD disc 1, file system 600, network manager 212, demultiplexer 700, video mixer 760, audio mixer 770, and the like. Also, as modules which are the functions of the DVD-Video player and are mainly used by interactive engine 200 to perform information acquisition and operation control via system manager 800, the player comprises an NIC, disc drive controller, memory controller, FLASH memory controller, remote controller, keyboard, timer, cursor, and the like.
 the recording locations and formats of advanced content other than DVD-Video data to be handled by interactive engine 200
 are as follows (note that a disc described as a DVD disc includes not only a normal DVD- Video disc but also a next-generation HD_DVD disc) .
 “File format data on the DVD disc” of “1.”
 is stored in advanced content recording area 21 in FIG. 79.
 Interactive engine 200
 loads an advanced content file on the DVD disc via the file system.
 "Multiplexed divided data in an EVOB on the DVD disc” of “2.”
 has a data format which is multiplexed and recorded in a VTS_EVOBS recorded in advanced HD video title set recording area (AHDVTS) 50 in FIG. 79.
 AHDVTS
 advanced HD video title set recording area
 Such data
 is loaded to demultiplexer 700 in correspondence with loading " of the VTS__EVOBS, and if the demultiplexed data are divided data of advanced content, they are sent to advanced object manager 610.
 Advanced object manager 610
 temporarily stores the divided data of the advanced content received from demultiplexer 700, and stores them as file format data of the advanced content in data cache 620 at the reception timing of data that can form one file.
 file data obtained by compressing one or a plurality of advanced content files in accordance with a predetermined method
 may be divisionally stored, so as to improve the efficiency of data upon multiplexing.
 advanced object manager 610
 temporarily stores divided data until the . compressed data can be decompressed, and stores decompressed advanced content data in data cache 620 at a timing at which the advanced content data can be handled as a file format.
 "File format data in persistent storage 216 of the DVD-Video player" of "3.”
 corresponds to, ' e.g., introduction movie data of a new film or the like which ' is downloaded from the Internet and is stored at a predetermined position on persistent storage 216 while interactive engine 200 is playing back a DVD title including advanced content created by a given movie company.
 interactive engine 200
 searches the predetermined position on persistent storage 216 in accordance with the description of the markup/script language of advanced content. If interactive engine 200 finds the saved introduction movie data of the new film there, it jumps to an XML page required to refer to/play back that data. If the playback- process is selected by a user operation, interactive engine 200 plays back the introduction movie data of the new film stored in persistent storage 216.”
 file format data of "file format data or streaming data on a network server on the Internet/home network" of "4.”
 corresponds to the aforementioned introduction movie data of the new film or the like.
 streaming data
 the following use method may be adopted. That is, "when DVD-Video data of a movie on a DVD disc includes only Japanese and English audio data, a movie company creates Chinese audio data, and a DVD-Video player connected to the Internet plays back the Chinese audio data in synchronism with video picture data on the DVD disc while sequentially downloading it.”
 DVD playback controller 102
 DVD decoder unit 101, and the like can be implemented by a microcomputer and/or hardware logic which implement/implements respective module functions by parsing built-in programs (firmware; not shown) .
 a work area
 including a temporary buffer used in a decoding process
 the system
 includes communication means for control signals (not shown) between respective modules so as to attain data supply and a synchronization process, and operation control between required modules can be managed.
 the communication means
 include signal lines of the hardware logic, event/data notification processes between software programs, and the like. The behaviors for respective functions of the DVD-
 Video player
 will be described below using the system block diagram of FIG. 100.
 the DVD-Video player that plays back advanced content
 implements richly expressive menus and more interactive playback control, which are difficult to attain in the conventional DVD, using an XML file and style sheet described using the markup/script language or the like.
 An example in which a menu page including a button selection that outputs an animation effect or effect sound upon selection of the user is to be configured
 will be examined.
 the configuration and functions of the menu page
 are defined by a menu XML page described using the markup/script language.
 the menu XML page
 is stored in a DVD disc, and interpreter unit 205 passes the .content of the menu XML page parsed by parser 210 to the layout engine, style engine, script engine, timing engine, and the like in accordance with their description content.
 the timing engine
 receives time events from system clock 214 at predetermined intervals, and instructs processing instructions to the layout engine, style engine, and script engine on the basis of the description of the menu XML page arranged in the timing engine.
 These engines
 refer to configuration information, of the menu XML page managed by them, and issue decode process instructions to media decoder unit 208 as needed.
 Media decoder unit 208
 loads media.data from the advanced object save area such as data cache 620 or the like as needed in accordance with instructions from interpreter unit 205, and executes decode processes.
 media decoder unit 208
 moving picture/animation, still picture, and text/font output results associated with graphics display are sent to graphics superposing unit 750, which generates frame data of a graphics plane to be output in accordance with the descriptions of the layout and style sheet of interpreter unit 205, and outputs it to video mixer 760.
 Video mixer 760
 mixes the output frame of graphics superposing unit 750, an output frame of the video decoder which is output in ' accordance with an instruction from secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720, output frames of the main picture decoder and sub-picture decoders in DVD decoder unit 101 which are output in accordance with an instruction from DVD playback controller 102, an output frame of the cursor function of the DVD-Video player, and the like in accordance with a predetermined superposing rule while synchronizing these output frames.
 Video mixer 760
 converts the mixed output frame data into a television output signal, and outputs it onto a video output signal line.
 the behavior of the secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720
 which is output in synchronism with the output frame of the graphics frame. will be described below.
 a main storage destination of secondary picture data
 a DVD disc and streaming server on the Internet or home network are assumed.
 IFO/VOBS
 including an EVOBS
 Demultiplexer 700
 identifies various types of multiplexed data, and demultiplexes and sends data associated with main picture playback control to DVD playback controller 102, data associated with main picture, sub-picture, and audio of the DVD-Video to DVD decoder unit 101, and data associated with secondary picture playback control to secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720. If advanced object data are multiplexed and stored in this data, these data are sent to advanced object manager 610.
 Secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720
 executes playback control of secondary picture data on the DVD disc on the basis of a playback control signal from interpreter unit 205. For example, when interpreter unit 205 instructs not to execute playback of stored secondary picture data, all data are discarded here. When a playback instruction is issued, secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 outputs data shaped to a format and data size suited to decode processes to video decoder 730 and audio decoder 740. Video decoder 730 and audio decoder 740 execute decode processes while synchronizing their output timings with the output from DVD decoder unit 101, in accordance with an instruction from secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720.
 Control signals instructed by secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720
 include instructions of the video position, the degree of scaling, that of a transparency process, a chroma color process, and the like to video decoder 730, and a volume control instruction, channel mixing instruction, and the like to audio decoder 740.
 event . handler 630
 acquires an event from the remote controller, and notifies the script engine of interpreter unit 205 of that event.
 the script engine
 runs in accordance with the markup/script description of an XML file used to execute playback control, and confirms the presence/absence of an event handler of the remote controller process. If the XML file used to execute the playback control defines an explicit behavior, the script engine executes a process according tp the description; if nothing is defined, it executes a predetermined process.
 interpreter unit 205
 instructs DVD playback controller 102 and secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 to execute fastforwarding.
 DVD playback controller 102
 re-configures a read schedule of VOBS data to change a data read process from the DVD disc in accordance with the fastforwarding instruction from interpreter unit 205. In this way, control is made to supply required data to fastforwarding playback of DVD playback controller 102 and DVD decoder unit 101 without causing any underflow.
 secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720
 Since data to be supplied to secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 are stored in correspondence with the main picture data allocation, secondary picture data suited to fastforwarding playback are supplied from demultiplexer 700 in synchronism with the data read process required for fastforwarding executed by DVD playback controller 102.
 secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720
 Upon playing back stream data based on the secondary picture/streaming playback control, secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 instructs streaming manager 710 to read streaming data on a predetermined network server and to supply the read data to itself on the basis of a playback control signal from interpreter unit 205.
 Streaming manager 710
 requests network manager 212 to execute a protocol control process of actual streaming data reception, and acquires data from the network server. At this time, for example, when the bit rate of the streaming data is high, look-ahead cashing of streaming data is made using a streaming buffer area on data cache 620 which is set in advance based on startup information, thus making control for broadening, e.g., an allowance of reception bit rate variations of streaming data.
 streaming manager 710
 temporarily stores streaming data from the network server in the streaming buffer on data cache 620, and supplies data stored in the streaming buffer on data cache 620 in response to a streaming data read request from secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720.
 streaming manager 710
 sequentially outputs streaming data acquired from the network server to. secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720.
 secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720
 When secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 performs playback control of streaming data on the network, it need not always perform playback in synchronism with video picture playback of DVD playback engine 100. For this reason, secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 need not play back any streaming data even when DVD playback engine 100 does not perform any video picture playback, or it need not synchronize the playback state of streaming data with that (e.g., a special playback state such as a fastforwarding state or pause state) of DVD playback engine 100.
 a special playback state
 such as a fastforwarding state or pause state
 a priority process
 can be designated in the description of the markup/script language of advanced content to flexibly define behaviors as follows.
 the playback process of DVD playback engine 100
 is preferentially executed, and DVD-Video playback is continued even when streaming data is interrupted.
 playback of streaming data
 is preferentially executed, and DVD-Video playback is interrupted when streaming data is interrupted.
 Data to be played back by secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720
 may be video data alone or audio data alone.
 Persistent storage 216
 It stores generated file data, file data downloaded from the Internet/home network, and the like in accordance with an instruction from interpreter unit 205. Data stored in persistent storage 216 are held even when the ON/OFF event of the power switch of the DVD-Video player occurs. Interpreter unit 205 can erase data in persistent storage 216.
 DVD disc 1
 It stores advanced content and DVD- Video data. Sector data on the DVD disc are read in accordance with read requests from the file system and demultiplexer.
 File system 600
 It manages the file system for respective recording modules/devices, and provides a file access function to file data read/write requests from the advanced object manager and the like.
 file system for respective recording modules/devices
 when persistent storage 216 comprises a FLASH memory, a file system for the FLASH memory is used to control to average memory rewrite accesses. DVD disc 1 is accessed using a UDF or ISO9660 file system.
 network manager 212
 executes actual protocol control such as HTTP, TCP/IP, and the like, and the file system itself relays the file access function to network manager 212.
 the file system
 manages data cache 620 as, e.g., a RAM disc.
 Network manager 212
 It provides a read (write as needed) function of file data provided on an HTTP server on the network to the file system. It also executes actual protocol control in accordance with a sequential read request of stream data from streaming manager 710, acquires the requested data from the streaming server on the network, and passes the acquired data to streaming manager 710.
 Demultiplexer 700
 It reads data on the DVD disc in accordance with a read instruction of sector data that store IFO/VOBS data from DVD playback controller 102 (and the secondary picture/streaming playback controller when secondary picture data alone is played . back) . As for multiplexed data of the read data, demultiplexer 700 supplies demultiplexed data to appropriate processing units. Demultiplexer 700 supplies IFO data to the DVD playback controller and secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720. Demultiplexer 700 outputs main picture/sub-picture/audio data associated with DVD- Video stored in a VOBS to DVD decoder unit 101, and control information (NV__PCK) to DVD playback controller 102.
 NV__PCK
 control information
 Demultiplexer 700
 outputs control information and picture/audio data associated with secondary picture data to secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720.
 these data
 are output to advanced object manager 610.
 Parser 210
 It parses the markup language described in an XML file and outputs the parsed result to interpreter unit 205.
 Advanced object manager 610
 It manages an advanced object file to be handled by interactive engine 200. Upon reception of an access request to an advanced object file from parser 210, interpreter unit 205, media decoder unit 208, and the like, advanced object manager 610 confirms the storage state of file data on data cache 620 managed by manager 610. If the requested file data is stored in data cache 620, ⁇ advanced object manager 610 reads data from data cache 620, and outputs the file data to a module that issued the read request.
 advanced object manager 610
 If the requested data is not stored in data cache 620, advanced object manager 610 reads file data from the DVD disc, a network server on the Internet/home network, or the like, which stores corresponding data, onto data cache 620, and simultaneously outputs the file data to a module that issued the read request. As for data stored in persistent storage 216, advanced object manager 610 does not normally execute any cache process to data cache 620. As another principal function of advanced object manager 610, when multiplexed advanced object data is stored in VOBS data loaded by demultiplexer 700, advanced object manager 610 temporarily stores these data output from demultiplexer 700, and stores them in data cache 620 at a timing at which they can be stored as file data.
 advanced object manager 610
 When an advanced object file is stored in VOBS data in a format that compresses one or a plurality of files together, advanced object manager 610 temporarily stores divided data to a size that allows decompression, and then decompresses and stores data in data cache 620 as file data.
 Advanced object manager 610
 stores advanced object data in data cache 620, and timely deletes a file, which becomes unnecessary in playback of the advanced content of interactive engine 200, from data cache 620, in accordance with an instruction from interpreter unit 205 or a predetermined rule. With this delete process, the data cache area having a limited size can be effectively used in accordance with the progress of playback of the advanced content.
 Interpreter unit 205
 This is a module for controlling the behavior of entire interactive engine 200. It initializes data cache 620 and DVD playback controller 102 in accordance with startup information, loading information, or playback sequence information parsed by parser 210. In the playback process of the advanced content, interpreter unit 205 passes layout information, style information, script information, and timing information parsed by parser 210 to respective processing modules, sends control signals to media decoder unit 208, secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720, DVD playback controller 102, and the like in accordance with their descriptions, and executes playback control among modules.
 Layout, engine
 The layout engine (one of internal components of interpreter unit 205) handles information associated with objects used in graphics output of the advanced content. It manages definitions, attribute information, and layout information on the screen of moving picture/animation, still picture, text/font, sound objects, and the like, and also manages association information with style information about modifications upon rendering.
 Style engine
 The style engine (one of internal components of interpreter unit 205) manages information associated with detailed modifications upon rendering of rendering objects managed by the layout engine.
 script engine
 The script engine (one of internal components of interpreter unit 205) manages descriptions associated with handler processes that pertain to button depression events from a user interface device (U/I device) such as a remote controller or the like and event messages from the system manager.
 Event handler 630
 defines processing content upon occurrence of a corresponding event, and the script engine changes parameters of graphics rendering objects, and control of DVD playback controller 102, secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720, and the like in accordance with its description.
 Timing engine
 The timing engine (one of internal components pf interpreter unit 205) controls scheduled processes associated with the behavior of graphics rendering objects and playback of secondary picture/streaming data.
 the timing engine
 refers to system clock 214, and when system clock 214 matches the timing of the scheduled control process, the timing engine controls respective modules to execute the playback process of the advanced content.
 Media decoder unit 208
 It executes the decode process of advanced objects in accordance with a control signal from interpreter unit 205.
 Media to be handled by media decoder unit 208
 include cell animation that successively plays back still images of PNG/JPEG or the like as moving picture data, vector animation that successively renders vector ' graphics, and the like.
 Media decoder unit 208
 can handle JPEG, PNG, GIF, and the like as still picture data.
 media ' decoder unit 208
 mainly refers to font data such as vector font • (open font) and the like and executes rendering of text data designated by interpreter unit 205.
 As sound data
 those which have relatively short playback times such as PCM, MP3, and the like are assumed.
 Such sound data
 is mainly used a sound effect involved in an event such as button clicking or the like.
 the outputs associated with graphics
 are output to graphics superposing unit 750.
 sound outputs
 are output to audio mixer 770.
 Graphics superposing unit 750
 It superposes the outputs of graphics rendering objects output from media decoder unit 208 in accordance with the descriptions of the layout engine and style engine, and generates output image frame data. Most of rendering objects have transparency process information, and graphics superposing unit 750 also executes a transparency calculation process of these objects. The generated output image frame data is output to video mixer 760.
 Data cache 620
 It is mainly used in two use applications. In one use application, data cache 620 is used as a file cache of an advanced object file, and temporarily stores an advanced object file on the DVD' disc or network. In the other use application, data cache 620 is used as a buffer of streaming data, and is managed by streaming manager 710. The allocations and sizes of the data cache used as the file cache and streaming buffer may be described in startup • information or the like and may be managed for respective advanced content, or the data cache may be used to have predetermined allocations.
 Streaming manager 710
 It manages supply of streaming data between secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 and network manager 212. When the bit rate of streaming data is relatively small and the streaming buffer need not be used, streaming manager 710.controls network manager 212 to sequentially supply streaming data acquired from a streaming server to secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720.
 streaming manager 710
 can control supply of streaming data using the streaming buffer which is explicitly assured by the producer of advanced content.
 Streaming manager 710
 stores data to be supplied to secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 in the streaming buffer assured on data cache 620 in accordance with instructions of the streaming buffer size and read-ahead size interpreted by interpreter unit 205.
 streaming manager 710
 begins to supply streaming data to secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720.
 streaming manager 710
 issues a data acquisition request to the streaming server, thus efficiently managing the streaming buffer.
 Secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720
 It executes playback control of streaming data supplied from streaming manager 710 and secondary picture data supplied from demultiplexer 700 in accordance with a playback control signal from Interpreter unit 205.
 Video decoder 730
 It plays back video picture data supplied from secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 in accordance with a control signal from secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720.
 video decoder 730
 decodes data to synchronize the output timing of DVD decoder unit 101 with its output timing, and outputs decoded data to video mixer 760.
 Video decoder 730
 has a chroma color process function for video picture data as its characteristic function. It manages a chroma color area designated by a specific one color or a plurality of colors as a transparent area to form output frame data of video mixer 760.
 Audio decoder 740
 It plays back audio data supplied from secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 in accordance with a control signal from secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720.
 audio decoder 740
 decodes data to synchronize the output timing of DVD decoder unit 101 with its output timing, and outputs decoded data to audio mixer, 770.
 DVD playback controller 102
 It acquires playback control data of DVD-Video from demultiplexer 700 on the basis of a playback control signal from interpreter unit 205, and executes playback control of main picture/sub-picture/audio data of DVD decoder unit 101.
 DVD decoder unit 101
 It comprises an audio decoder, main picture decoder, sub-picture decoder, and the like, and manages decode processes and output processes while synchronizing respective decoder outputs in accordance with a control signal from DVD playback controller 102.
 ' ⁇ Audio decoder
 The audio decoder in DVD decoder unit 101 decodes audio data supplied from demultiplexer 700 and outputs the decoded data to audio mixer 770 in accordance with a control signal from DVD playback controller 102.
 Main picture decoder
 ' The main picture decoder in
 DVD decoder unit 101
 decodes main picture data supplied from demultiplexer 700 and outputs the decoded data to video mixer 760 in accordance with a control signal from DVD playback controller 102.
 Sub-picture decoder
 The sub-picture decoder in
 DVD decoder unit 101
 decodes sub-picture data supplied from demultiplexer 700 and outputs the decoded data to video mixer 760 in accordance with a control signal from DVD playback controller 102.
 Video mixer 760
 It receives output frames from graphics superposing unit 750, video decoder 730, the main picture decoder and sub-picture decoder in DVD decoder unit 101, and the cursor module,_ generates an output frame in accordance with a predetermined superposing rule, and outputs a video output signal.
 each frame data
 has transparency information as the whole frame data or at an object or pixel level
 video mixer 760
 superposes output frames from respective modules using such transparency information.
 Audio mixer 770
 It receives audio data from media decoder unit 208, audio decoder 740, and the audio decoder in DVD decoder unit 101, and generates and outputs an output audio signal in accordance with a predetermined mixing rule.
 System manager 800
 It can provide an interface for status and control of respective modules in the DVD-Video player.
 Interpreter unit 205
 acquires the status of DVD-Video player or can change the behavior via an application interface (API) or the like provided by the system manager.
 API
 application interface
 Network connection controller
 This is a module that implements a network connection function, and corresponds to an Ethernet controller (Ethernet is the registered trade name) or the like.
 the NIC
 provides information such as connection status of a network cable and the like via the system manager.
 Disc drive controller
 It corresponds to a reading device of a DVD disc, and provides status information such as the presence/absence of a DVD disc on a disc tray, disc type, and the like.
 Memory controller
 It manages the system memory: it provides an area to be used as data cache 620, and executes access management of a work memory used by respective software (firmware) modules.
 FLASH memory controller
 It provides an area used as persistent storage 216, and executes access management to the FLASH memory that stores execution codes and the like of respective software (firmware) modules .
 Remote controller
 It executes remote control of the DVD-Video player, and generates a button depression event of the user to event handler 630.
 Keyboard
 It executes keyboard control of the DVD-Video player, and generates a keyboard depression ⁇ event of the user to event handler 630.
 Timer
 It supplies system clocks, and provides a timer function used by the DVD playback tine.
 Cursor
 It generates a pointer image of the remote controller or the like, and changes the position of the pointer image upon depression of direction keys and the like.
 Interpreter unit 205 in FIG. 100
 outputs a playback control signal to DVD playback controller 102.
 this playback control signal
 a new command is added to the conventional DVD playback control command, thus allowing more flexible playback control. . That is, in order to define playback sequence information of an advanced VTS using the aforementioned playback sequence information (which corresponds to the PBSEQOOl.XML file in FIG. 2, and is information stored in playback sequence information recording area 215A in FIG.
 playback sequence information
 externally fetched via the Internet or the like, or playback sequence information which is generated by the system firmware when the user freely re-arranges chapter icons and is stored in persistent storage 216) , a command for initializing using the playback sequence information must be issued from interactive engine 200 to DVD playback engine 100.
 An “InitPBSEQ () command”
 is a command which is newly defined for the aforementioned purpose, and allows interpreter unit 205 to notify DVD playback controller 102 of the playback sequence information of an advanced VTS to be played back and to initialize it.
 sequence information of the PGC number, PTT numbers, and the like as a basis of the playback sequence
 is given (see FIGS. 95 to 98) .
 the PGC number
 specifies a PGC to be selected.
 the PTT numbers
 can define the order of chapters to be played back with reference to the PGC_PGMAP number in the PGC designated by the PGC number. Since only one advanced VTS is stored on the DVD disc, and includes only one title, they need not be designated.
 the playback order
 can be described using cell units, as described above.
 the argument of the "InitPBSEQ command"
 is sequence information of the PGC number and cell numbers.
 the cell numbers
 can define the order of cells to be played back with reference to the C_PBIT number in the PGC designated by the PGC number. If the advanced VTS includes only one PGC, the argument of the PGC number in an "InitPBSEQ function" need not be used.
 the apparatus in FIG. 100
 is configured to include the following elements.
 the apparatus
 is configured to comprise a video playback engine (100) which plays back expanded video objects (EVOBs) from an information storage medium (disc 1); and an interactive engine (200) which acquires advanced content as information (e.g., 21A to 21E in FIG. 50) different from the recording content of a video data recording area from the information storage medium or an external server, and outputs an AV output corresponding to at least one of the playback output of the video playback engine and the content of the advanced content in accordance with the description of a markup language.
 a video playback engine
 100
 EVOBs
 expanded video objects
 FIG. 101
 shows an example of the data structure of an advanced HD video title set program chain information table (AHDVTS_PGCIT) recorded in advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) . As shown in FIG.
 advanced HD video title set program chain information table (AHDVTS_PGCIT) 512
 records information of advanced HD video title set PGCI information table (AHDVTS PGCITI) 512a including information of the number (AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP_Ns) of AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP data and the end address (AHDVTS_PGCIT_EA) of the AHDVTS_PGCIT.
 the advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI)
 includes AHDVTS_PGCI search pointers (AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP) 512b and PGC information (AHDVTS_PGCI) 512c as program chain information in correspondence with the number indicated by AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP_Ns.
 Each AHDVTS_PGCI search pointer (AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP) 512b
 includes information of an AHDVTS_PGC category (AHDVTS_PGC_CAT) indicating the type of AHDVTS_PGC, and the start address (AHDVTS_PGCI_SA) of AHDVTS_PGCI.
 AHDVTS_PGC .category
 can have the same content as in FIG. 24.
 FIG. 102
 shows an example of the plane configuration upon superposing the output frames of respective modules in video mixer 760 in FIG. 100.
 main picture plane MVX output from the main picture decode in DVD decoder unit 101
 is arranged at the lowermost position of the superposed planes.
 Main picture plane MVX
 normally does not have transparency information.
 Secondary picture plane SVX
 is arranged on main picture plane MVX.
 the output of this secondary picture plane SVX
 includes video picture data of streaming data (in this embodiment, video picture decoding processes of secondary picture and streaming data are exclusive, and these data are never decoded at the same time) .
 Secondary picture plane SVX
 can have a transparency value of the entire plane as the superposing process with main picture data, and a chroma color process can be applied to a non- transparent pixel region.
 This chroma color process
 may be executed by video decoder 730, and may be implemented in a format including transparency information as output data of video decoder 730.
 the transparency information of, e.g., a chroma color region
 is 0% (full transparency)
 the remaining region
 has a transparency value applied to secondary picture data.
 the chroma color process
 may be executed by video mixer 760.
 output data from video decoder 730
 includes image frame data including a chroma color and chroma color information, and transparency value information for the secondary picture plane.
 Video mixer 760
 applies a transparency process to a region designated by the chroma color to be fully transparent and the remaining region to have an input transparency value on the basis of the input image frame data.
 Sub-picture plane SPX arranged on secondary picture plane SVX
 is the output from the sub-picture decoder in DVD decoder unit 101.
 a transparency value
 can be applied to sub-picture rendering objects (text and highlight information) .
 Graphics plane GRX arranged on sub-picture plane SPX
 is the output frame of ' the graphics superposing unit, and a transparency value is applied to this plane at a pixel level.
 a transparency value of the entire object
 is generally designated for an advanced object using the markup language.
 a rendering object itself
 can describe a transparency value at a pixel level like PNG data, a transparency value obtained by multiplying that for each pixel of the object itself and that for the entire object becomes the transparency value of the object image at the pixel level.
 Graphics superposing ,unit 750
 executes superposing and transparency processes of a plurality of rendering objects, and outputs the final color values and transparency values of graphics plane GRX as output data to video mixer 760.
 Cursor plane CUX arranged on graphics plane GRX
 is a plane of a pointer image of the remote controller, mouse, or the like, and is arranged at the uppermost position -of all the image planes. In general, cursor plane CUX uses a transparency value for the entire pointer image.
 Video mixer 760
 executes the superposing process of the output image frames of respective modules in accordance with superposing models defined as described above. Note that the above definition is an example of the superposing rule in video mixer 760, and a different superposing order of planes may be used or another transparency value process may be applied.
 TAPI
 time map information
 FIGS. 58 to 61
 will be described below with reference to FIGS. 103 to 107.
 FIGS. 103 and 104
 show an example of the time map configuration for EVOBs allocated in a contiguous block.
 FIG. 103
 shows example 1 in which one TMAPI is stored in one TMAP file
 FIG. 104
 shows example 2 in which one or more pieces of TMAPI are stored in one TMAP file.
 one EVOB
 corresponds to one TMAPI, and a structure that allows time to each EVOB ( address conversion using each TMAPI stored in a file is adopted.
 Each TMAPI
 includes one or more pieces of EVOBU entry information, and EVOBUs in each EVOB can be accessed using this information.
 FIG. 105
 shows an example of the time map configuration for EVOBs which are allocated in an interleaved block and form angles, so as to allow the user to attain seamless angle switching.
 an EVOB for one angle
 corresponds to one TMAPI, and a structure that allows time to each EVOB ( address conversion using each TMAPI stored in the file is adopted as in the EVOB time map allocated in the contiguous block.
 Each TMAPI
 includes one or more pieces of EVOBU entry information and one or more pieces of ILVU entry information, and the head of each ILVU in each EVOB and each ' EVOBU in that ILVU, which are allocated in the interleaved block, .can be accessed.
 each EVOB allocated in the interleaved block
 is stored in one file, all pieces of time map information required to play back that angle period can be acquired, and required files need not be searched for each time, thus improving the processing efficiency.
 FIGS. 106 and 107
 show an example of the data structure of a time map including no time entry.
 a time map information (TMAPI) table
 includes TMAP information table information (TMAPITI) indicating the configuration of TMAPI stored in a file, a TMAP information search pointer group (TMAPI_SRPs) that gives a search pointer to each stored TMAPI, and a TMAP information group (TMAPIs) that stores EVOBU entry information of each TMAPI.
 TMAP information table information
 TMAPITI
 TMAPI_SRPs
 TMAP information search pointer group
 TMAPIs
 TMAP information group
 each time map information TMAPI
 includes an EVOBU_ENTI group and ILVU_ENTI group.
 the EVOBU_ENTI group
 includes one or more pieces of EVOBU entry information (EVOBU_ENTI) .
 Each EVOBU_ENTI
 includes a size (EVOBU_SZ) of each EVOBU stored in an EVOB, which is indicated by, e.g., the number of packs, a playback time (ESOBU_PB_TM) indicated by, e.g., the number of fields, and a size (1STREF_SZ) of first reference picture data, which is indicated by, e.g., the number of packs) .
 the ILVU_ENTI group
 includes one or more ILVU entry information (ILVU_ENTI) .
 Each ILVU_ENTI
 includes the start address (ILVU_ADR) of each ILVU stored in an EVOB, and a size (ILVU_SZ) of each ILVU, which is indicated by, e.g., the number of EVOBUs.
 FIG. 108
 shows an example of the structure which is different from that of a navigation pack (NV_PCK) shown in FIG. 63.
 NV_PCK
 navigation pack
 GCI_PCK
 general control information, pack allocated at the head of an EVOBU uses standard GCI_PCK shown in FIG. 108 (a) in an EVOB in a standard VTS.
 This pack
 includes general control information (GCI) stored in a general control information packet (GCI_PKT) , presentation control information (PCI) stored in a presentation control packet (PCI_PKT) , and data search information (DSI) stored in a data search information packet (DSI_PKT) . Also, in an EVOB in an advanced VTS, an advanced GCI_PCK shown in FIG. 108 (b) is used.
 This pack
 includes general control information (GCI) stored in a general control information packet (GCI_PKT) and data search information (DSI) stored in a data search information packet (DSI_PKT) .
 FIG. 109
 shows information stored in the general control information (GCI) .
 the general control information
 includes information (GCI_GI) associated with the entire EVOBU and pack in which that information is stored, information (DCI_CCI_SS) indicating the states of copy control information and display control information in the EVOBU and pack, display control information (DCI) indicating the aspect ratio and the like, copy control information (CCI) such as CGMS information, analog copy control information, and the like, recording information (RECI) that gives copyright information such as ISRC data or the like, and so forth.
 GCI_GI
 information associated with the entire EVOBU and pack in which that information is stored
 information
 DCI_CCI_SS
 DCI
 display control information
 CCI
 copy control information
 RECI
 recording information
 FIG. 110
 shows another embodiment of the data structure of advanced VTS 151a.
 advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) area 51 shown in FIG. 51 (e)
 is divided into areas (management information groups) including advanced HD video title set information management table (AHDVTSI_MAT) 510a including no attribute information of video data, audio data, and the like, advanced HD video title set search pointer table (AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT) 511a used to search for the head of a part of title (PTT) corresponding to a chapter part of a title, advanced HD video title set program chain information table (AHDVTS_PGCIT) 512a that gives the playback sequence of a title, advanced HD video title set attribute information table (AHDVTS ATRIT) 515a that gives attribute information of each EVOB, and advanced HD video title set expanded video object set information table (AHDVTS_EVOBIT) 516a that gives information of each EVOB.
 AHDVTSI_MAT
 advanced HD video title set information management table
 FIG. Ill
 shows an example of the data structure which shows the content of the advanced HD video title set attribute information table (AHDVTS_ATRIT) .
 AHDVTS_ATRIT 515a
 includes advanced HD video title set attribute information table information (AHDVTS_ATRITI) , one or more advanced HD video title set attribute information search pointers (AHDVTS_ATRI_SRP) , and one or more pieces of advanced HD video title set attribute information (AHDVTS_ATRI) .
 AHDVTS_ATRIT 515a
 includes advanced HD video title set attribute information table information (AHDVTS_ATRITI) , one or more advanced HD video title set attribute information search pointers (AHDVTS_ATRI_SRP) , and one or more pieces of advanced HD video title set attribute information (AHDVTS_ATRI) .
 AHDVTS_ATRITI
 advanced HD video title set attribute information table information
 AHDVTS_ATRI_SRP
 advanced HD video title set attribute information search pointers
 AHDVTS_ATRI
 pieces of advanced HD video
 the advanced HD video title set attribute information table information
 (AHDVTS_ATRITI) has
 AHDVTS_ATRI_SRP
 has (AHDVTS_ATRI_SA) indicating the start address of each attribute information.
 the advanced HD video title set attribute information (AHDVTS_ATRI)
 indicates attribute information for a corresponding EVOB.
 the AHDVTS_ATRT
 has information (AHDVTS_V_ATR) indicating video attribute information such as MPEG-2, MPEG-4 AVC (H.264), SMPTE VC-I, and the like stored in an EVOB, information (AHDVTS_AST_Ns) indicating the number of audio streams, audio stream ' attribute information (AHDVTS_AST_ATR) such as DD+, DTS++, MLP, LPCM, and the like (all of DD for Dolby Digital, DTS for Digital Theater System, and MLP for Meridian Lossless Packing are the registered trade names) stored in an EVOB, multi-channel audio stream attribute information (AHDVTS_MU_AST_ATR) , information (AHDVTS_SPST_Ns) indicating the number of sub-picture streams, sub-picture stream attribute information (AHDVTS_SPST_ATR) indicating the SD size (2 bits/pixel), HD size (2 bits/pixel), SD/HD size (8 bits/pixel), or the like stored in an EVOB
 AHDVTS_SPST_HDPLT
 indicating a color palette for sub- picture HD
 FIG. 112
 shows an example of the data structure that shows the content of the advanced HD video title set EVOB information table (AHDVTS_EVOBIT) .
 AHDVTS_EVOBIT 51 ⁇ a
 includes advanced HD video title set EVOB information table information (AHDVTS_EVOBITI) , one or more advanced HD video title set EVOB information search pointers
 the advanced HD video title set EVOB information table information
 (AHDVTS_EVOBITI) has information (AHDVTS_EVOBI_SRP_Ns) indicating the number of pieces of EVOB information stored in the table (the number of AHDVTS_EVOBI_SRPs) and information (AHDVTS_EVOBIT_EA) indicating the end address of the table.
 the advanced HD video title set EVOB information search pointer
 (AHDVTS_EVOBI_SRP) has information (AHDVTS_EVOBI_SA) indicating the start address of each EVOBI.
 the advanced HD video title set EVOB information
 (AHDVTS_EVOBI) has information (EV0B_IDN) of an EVOB identification number used to identify each EVOB, information (EVOB_ATRN) of an EVOB attribute information number indicating an attribute corresponding to each EVOB, information
 TMAP_FILE_NAME
 indicating the time map file name that stores time map information used to access each EVOB, and the like.
 EV0B_ATRN
 is the number indicated by the advanced HD video title set attribute information search pointer (AHDVTS_ATRI_SRP#) of the advanced HD video title set attribute information table (AHDVTS_ATRIT) .
 the object of this embodiment
 is to provide a method of reading out data in order to play back a Movie Object (to be referred to as a Primary hereinafter) serving as a playback subject, and an Advanced Object (to be referred to as a Secondary hereinafter) which can be played back simultaneously with playback of the Movie Object.
 a Movie Object
 to be referred to as a Primary hereinafter
 an Advanced Object
 to be referred to as a Secondary hereinafter
 two methods
 are available.
 One
 is a method of multiplexing (MUXing) the Primary and the Secondary as one program stream (PS)
 PS
 program stream
 the other
 is a method of multiplexing the Primary and the Secondary as two PSs.
 the Primary and the Secondary
 can be multiplexed using Pack units or Access Units (AUs) in an Angle format.
 AUs
 Pack units or Access Units
 FIG. 113
 shows an example of a case (case 1) wherein one , program stream (IPS) obtained by multiplexing the Primary Object (Movie Object) and the Secondary Object (Advanced Object) is recorded on a disc, and the Advance Object (Secondary Object) is independently present as another program stream on an external communication line (Web) .
 IPS
 program stream
 Movie Object
 Primary Object
 Secondary Object
 Advanced Object
 Web
 external communication line
 the Primary/Secondary
 may be multiplexed (MUXed) as one PS using Pack units.
 MUXed
 multiplexed
 the Objects of the Primary and Secondary
 are managed in accordance with video title set information (VTSI: corresponding to an HVDVD_TS file shown in FIG. 2, AHDVTSI in FIG. 52, and the like)
 the Secondary information
 is managed in accordance with advanced object information (AOBI: corresponding to an ADV OBJ file in FIG. 2) .
 FIG. 114
 shows a Decoding model for this arrangement.
 FIG. 114
 is a view for explaining the decoding model in case 1.
 the PS sent from the Disc
 (corresponding to disc 1 shown in FIGS. 1, 50, 51, 73, 74, and 79) is demultiplexed by first demultiplexer
 (DeMUXl) 114a
 to send the PS to Decoders 114n to 114s of the Primary and Secondary.
 the demultiplexed PSs
 are stored in Input Buffers 114g to 114m.
 the Secondary Contentent from the Web
 is temporarily stored in Buffer 114f for playing back in synchronism with the Disc, and then sent to Input Buffers 114k and 114m via second demultiplexer (DeMUX2) 114b and switches SWl and SW2.
 DeMUX2
 second demultiplexer
 FIG. 115
 shows an example of a case (case 2-1) wherein the PSs of the Primary and Secondary Objects are recorded as two program streams (PS-I VOB and PS-2 VOB) obtained by multiplexing these objects using pack units, and the Advanced Object (Secondary Object) is independently present as another PS on the external communication line (Web) .
 PS-I VOB and PS-2 VOB
 program streams
 the Advanced Object
 Secondary Object
 Web
 external communication line
 two objects
 are multiplexed (MUX) using Pack units.
 FIG. 116
 is a view for explaining the decoding model in case 2-1.
 the content on the Disc
 is divided into the Primary and Secondary streams by first demultiplexer (DeMUXl) 116a.
 the divided streams
 are sent to second demultiplexer (DeMUX2) 116b and third demultiplexer (DeMUX3) 116c in order to send the divided streams to the corresponding Decoders.
 the Secondary content
 is sent from the network (Web)
 the DeMUX3 116c
 selectively receives the content from the Web (if there is content on the Web) or the Disc (if there is no content on the Web), via switch SW3.
 FIG. 117
 shows an example of a case (case 2-2) wherein the PSs of the Primary and Secondary Objects are multiplexed and recorded as the two program streams using access units (AUs), and the Advanced Object (Secondary Object) is independently present as another PS on the external communication line (Web) .
 the two PSs
 are multiplexed using AUs.
 the recorded content of the Primary and Secondary
 can be displayed simultaneously (synchronously) by simultaneously displaying a plurality of Angles.
 case 2-2
 in comparison with case 2- 1, the size of each access unit is increased. (The pack size in case 2-1 is only 2 kB. However, in case 2-2, since the access unit includes the plurality of packs, the size of the access unit becomes relatively large.)
 Input Buffer
 e.g., 116g shown in FIG. 116
 the object data
 is started to be supplied to the Decoder. After that ' , the data loading rate of the Input Buffer cannot catch up with the consuming rate (data readout rate of Input Buffer) of the buffering data.
 a countermeasure for this problem
 will be described below.
 FIG. 118
 is a view for explaining the decoding model in case 2-2.
 DeMUX2 118b and third demultiplexer (DeMUX3) 118c
 are connected to the output of first demultiplexer (DeMUXl) 118a.
 the maximum data amount to be buffered to these Buffers, i.e., buffer size to be used
 can be determined on the basis of the simulation result of the disc or Web to be actually used. More specifically, Buffer 118f for the Web is preferably large enough to avoid the complete consumption of the buffering data even when the data transmission from the external communication line is unstable.
 Each of these Demultiplexers
 demultiplexes the stream by using this stream_id (and sub_stream_id as needed) .
 This demultiplexing process
 is performed to send the Data to Input Buffers 118g to 118m which respectively output the demultiplexed data to Decoders 118n to 118s.
 the setting method of the stream__id and sub_stream_id
 two methods are available. One is a method of defining an identifier (id) for the Secondary Content in a private_steaml in the currently used DVD- Video standard (see FIGS. 119 to 121), and the other is a method of newly providing a private__stream3 to have a Secondary id (see FIGS. 122 to 125) .
 FIG. 119
 is a view for explaining an example of the stream_id which is used to identify the content of the Primary and Secondary Objects (when the private_streaml is used to identify the objects) .
 this stream_id
 includes "110x0***b” indicating an MPEG audio stream *** corresponding to a decoding audio stream number, "11100000b” indicating a video stream, "10111101b” indicating the private_streaml, "10111111b” indicating the private_stream2, and others (e.g., an area which is not currently used) .
 FIG. 120
 shows an example of the arrangement of the sub_stream_id for the private_streaml in the stream_id shown in FIG. 119.
 this sub_stream__id
 includes "001*****b” indicating the sub- picture stream, "01001000b” for reservation, “011*****b” for reservation for an expanded sub- picture, "10000***b” indicating the Dolby AC-3 (registered trademark) , "10001***b” optionally indicating the DTS (registered trademark) audio stream, “10010***b” optionally indicating the SDDS (registered trademark) audio stream, "10l00***b” indicating a linear PCM audio stream, "11111111b” indicating a stream defined by a content provider, "10010001b” indicating the MPEG2 picture stream of the Secondary
 FIG. 121
 shows an example of the arrangement of the sub_stream_id for the private_stream2 in the stream_id shown in FIG. 119.
 this sub_stream_id
 includes "00000000b” indicating the stream of a Presentation Control Information (PCI), "00000001b” indicating the stream of a Data Search Information (DSI), "11111111b” indicating the stream defined by the content provider, and others (for future navigation data) .
 FIG. 122
 is a view for explaining another example of the stream_id used to identify the content of the • Primary and Secondary Objects (when the private_stream3 is newly provided to identify the objects) .
 this stream_id
 includes "110x0***b” indicating an MPEG audio stream *** corresponding to the decoding audio stream number, "11100000b” indicating the video stream, ⁇ "10111101b” indicating the private_streaml, "10111111b” indicating the private_stream2, "10110000b” indicating the private_stream3, and others (e.g., an area which is not currently used) .
 FIG. 123
 shows an example of the arrangement of the sub_stream_id for the private_streaml in the stream_id shown in FIG. 122.
 this sub_stream_id
 includes "001*****b” indicating the sub- picture stream, "01001000b” for reservation, "011*****b” for reservation for the expanded sub- picture, "10000***b” indicating the Dolby AC-3
 the sub_stream_id for the private_streaml shown in FIG. 123
 has the content obtained by excluding the content pertaining to the "Secondary Content" from the sub_stream_id for the private_streaml shown in FIG. 120.
 FIG. 124
 shows an example of the arrangement of the sub_stream_id for the private_stream2 in the stream_id shown in FIG. 122.
 this sub_stream_id
 includes "00000000b” indicating a PCI stream,. "00.000001b” ⁇ indicating a DSI stream, "11111111b” indicating the stream defined by the content provider, and others (for future navigation data) .
 FIG. 125
 shows an example of the arrangement of the sub_stream_id for the private_stream3 in the stream_id shown in FIG. 122.
 this sub_stream_id
 includes "10010001b” indicating the MPEG2 video stream of the Secondary Content, "10010010b indicating the MPEG4/AVC stream of the Secondary Content, "10010011b” indicating the VC-I stream of the Secondary Content, "11000***b” Indicating the Dolby
 the sub_stream_id for the private_stream3 shown in FIG. 125
 mainly includes the content pertaining to the "Secondary Content” in the sub_stream_id for the ⁇ private_streaml shown in FIG. 120.
 FIG. 125
 mainly includes the content pertaining to the "Secondary Content” in the sub_stream_id for the ⁇ private_streaml shown in FIG. 120.
 FIG. 126
 is a flowchart for explaining an example of the processing sequence when the primary object and/or secondary object is ' played back from the disc and/or external communication line (Web).
 a sequence for playing back the Secondary Content (or Secondary/2ndary Video Set) using a Markup document
 That is, when no Markup document is present on the Disc (corresponding to information storage medium 1 shown in FIG. 50 and the like) (NO in step ST202), a player (e.g., a playback apparatus having the arrangement shown in FIG. 100) performs playback using a standard VTS (corresponding to normal DVD-video content, or HDVTSt show.n in FIG. 1) (step ST204) .
 VTS
 corresponding to normal DVD-video content, or HDVTSt show.n in FIG.
 the player
 determines whether a NET (Web) connection destination is described in the Markup document. If no connection destination is described (NO in step ST206) , it is checked whether the Secondary Video Set is present using the Markup document on the Disc (step ST208) . If no Secondary Video Set is present (NO in step .ST210) , the Primary Video Set is played back (step ST212) .
 NET
 Web
 step ST206
 When the NET (Web) connection destination is described in the Markup document (YES in step ST206) , the connection state is checked. If no connection is assured (NO in step ST214), the flow advances similar to the preceding step (NO in step ST206) , and then the Primary Video Set is played back (step ST212) or the Secondary Video Set is played back (step ST224), using the Markup document on the ' Disc (step ST208) .
 Step ST216
 If no Secondary Video Set is stored (NO in step ST216) , it is determined whether the Markup document is stored on the NET. If neither Secondary Video Set nor the Markup document are present on the NET (NO in steps ST216 and ST218), the Secondary Video Set is played back (step ST224) or the Primary Video Set is played back (step ST212), using the Markup document on, the Disc (step ST208) .
 the Secondary Video Set
 is loaded (step ST230) , and updated attribute information and updated playback information in the TMAP and VTSI are loaded (step ST232) . These loaded pieces of information are added to current playback control information (navigation data) to,start playback of the Secondary Video Set on the NET at the playback start timing of the Markup document on the Disc (step ST234) .
 the Markup document
 is updated (step ST220), and then the updated attribute information and the updated playback information in the TMAP and VTSI are loaded (step ST222) .
 These loaded pieces of • information
 are added to the current playback control information (navigation data) to start playback of the Secondary Video Set on the Disc at the playback start timing of the updated Markup document (step ST224) .
 the Secondary Video Set
 is not , updated, the TMAP and the like need not be updated.
 the Markup document
 is updated (step ST228), and the required information is added (step ST232) . Accordingly, the Secondary Video Set on the NET is played back.
 the Secondary Video Set
 can be played back from the Disc (step ST224) or the NET (Web) (step ST234) .
 an indicator
 e.g., LED in different colors
 OSD
 On Screen Display
 the used Markup document
 (step ST208, ST220, or ST228) can designate the playback timing of the Secondary Video Set (from the Disc or NET) with respect to the currently played back Primary Video Set._ This description example of the Markup document will be described with reference to FIGS. 130 to 132.
 FIG. 127
 is a view for explaining the playback path of the Primary Object/Primary Content (Primary Video Set) and Secondary Object/Secondary Content (Secondary Video Set) from the Disc.
 Secondary Content playback time or playback start enable time upon user's operation
 is described in the Markup document recorded on the Disc.
 This "playback start enable time upon user's operation"
 corresponds to the duration for holding the Secondary Content in Buffers 114f, ll ⁇ f, 118f, and the like shown in FIGS. 114, 116, and 118.)
 VOB#1
 Primary .Content
 VOB#2
 Primary Content
 VOB#3
 Secondary Content
 the playback start and end times
 are the times for starting and ending playback of the V0B#3, literally.
 the playback start available duration
 is a duration in which the Secondary is stored in the Buffer, and playback can be started upon user's operation. For example, period T23 shown in FIG. 127 is the playback available duration, the
 VOB#3
 (Secondary Content) can be played back together (simultaneously or synchronously) with the VOB#2 (Primary Content) at the timing defined by the TMAP of the V0B#3, in period T23.
 FIG. 128
 is a view for explaining the playback path of the Primary Object/Primary Content (Primary Video Set) from the Disc, and the Secondary Object/Secondary Content (Secondary Video Set) from the external communication line (NET/Web) .
 NET/Web
 External communication line
 VOB#1
 Primary Content
 VOB#2
 Primary Content
 VOB#3
 Secondary Content
 the VOB#4
 Primary Content
 T04
 contiguous block period T04 succeeding the period of VOB#2 and VOB#3.
 a V0B#7
 Secondary Content from the NET/Web is played back together with the VOB#2 (Primary Content) in period T27, in place of the V0B#3 (Secondary Content) from the Digc.
 the new Secondary Video Set of the VOB#7, new Markup document, VTSI file, and TMAP file
 are obtained from the NET.
 the V0B#3
 is not described and displayed (even if the VOB#3 is recorded on the Disc) .
 FIG. 129
 shows an example of the data structure of a time map information table including the time map type flag (TMAP_TYPE_FL) .
 TMAP_TYPE_FL
 the flag for determining whether the TMAP is the Primary or Secondary, is added to time map information search pointer 519b in time map information table 519 which is described above with reference to- FIG. 58.
 the TMAP__TYPE_FL
 includes only one bit since the TMAP_TYPE_FL is only used to determine "whether the TMAP is the Primary or Secondary".
 the TMAP_TYPE_FL
 can be extended to include a plurality of bits. For example, when the TMAP_TYPE_FL includes' two bits, "00b” can specify the Primary Object TMAP from the Disc, "01b” can specify the Secondary Object TMAP from the Disc, "10b” can specify the Secondary Object TMAP from the NET/Web, and "lib” can specify the Secondary Object TMAP from others.
 FIGS. 130 to 132
 are views for explaining description examples 1 to 3 of the Markup document.
 the player
 replaces the Markup document of the NET connection destination with the Markup document on the Disc, and uses the replaced Markup document for playback.
 FIG. 133
 is a view showing another example of a case (case Ia) wherein one program stream (PS) obtained by multiplexing the Primary Object (Movie Object) and the Secondary Object (Advanced Object) on the Disc is recorded, and the Advanced Object (Secondary Object) is independently present as the program stream on the external communication line (NET/Web) .
 PS
 program stream
 NET/Web
 external communication line
 the Secondary- Content
 which have not multiplexed with.the Primary Content are multiplexed with the Secondary Object (Secondary EVOB) in advance, and the multiplexed Secondary EVOB is multiplexed with the Primary Content to implement one PS arrangement in a multistage process (the multiplexed Secondary has been implemented when the Primary and Secondary are multiplexed) .
 the model of one PS shown in FIG. 133
 is improved.
 FIG. 134
 is a view showing still another example of a case (.case Ib) wherein one program stream (PS) obtained by multiplexing the Primary Object (Movie Object) and the Secondary Object (Advanced Object) on the Disc is recorded, and the Advanced Object (Secondary Object) is independently present as the program stream on the external communication line (NET/Web) .
 FIG. 135
 is a view for explaining the Decoding model in case Ia
 FIG. 136
 is a view for explaining an example of a smoothing buffer operation of the decoding model in case Ia.
 the overall system
 operates as a model having a constant bitrate.
 the bitrates of the system, Primary, and Secondary
 are respectively set to be 30, 20, and 10 Mbps in the Decoding Model shown in FIG. 135.
 the data
 may be temporarily input at a system bitrate of 30 Mbps.
 each of Input Buffers 114g to 114m in the former stage of decoders 114n to 114s shown in FIG. 114
 must have an appropriate size to avoid an overflow. Under this situation, in order to operate the Decoding Model shown in FIG. 135 without contradiction, the multiplexing process shown in
 FIG. 133 or 134
 must be limited.
 the example of the limited Pack structure of the Secondary Video Set
 will be described below.
 FIG. 136
 is a view for explaining an example of the smoothing buffer operation in the decoding model in case Ia.
 the upper side in FIG. 136
 shows an example of the Pack structure input to a model of 30 Mbps of the DeMUXl.
 the lower side in FIG. 136
 schematically shows the Pack structure having a lowered bitrate of 10 Mbps.
 an interval of at least two Packs
 is required as shown in FIG. 136. Because of the Buffer overflow, the next Pack cannot flow before the output of the stream in the lower side in FIG. 136 from smoothing Buffer 135x.
 the Pack of the Primary Video Set
 can be multiplexed (MUX) .
 the Secondary Pack
 may have an interval larger than that of the Primary Video Set.
 an interval of three or more Packs
 is provided, and the Primary pack may be multiplexed in the interval.
 FIG. 137
 schematically shows the type and format of data which can be recorded on the Disc in the embodiment of the present invention.
 an "Advanced Navigation"
 indicates the data pertaining to playback control for playing back an advanced HD video title set and advanced content as shown in FIGS. 74 and 79, and also indicates a data file described in the Markup/Script language or the like.
 a "Primary Video Set”
 indicates DVD main picture stream data represented by an advanced
 the "Primary Video Set”
 includes IFO data for storing management information of the main picture stream, TMAP data including a data table such as offset information of the time for each EVOB included in the main picture stream and the start position of the VOBU serving as a unit of playback management, the EVOB included in one video sequence of the main picture stream, and a P-EVOBS (Primary EVOBS) including the plurality of EVOBs.
 IFO data
 for storing management information of the main picture stream
 TMAP data
 including a data table such as offset information of the time for each EVOB included in the main picture stream and the start position of the VOBU serving as a unit of playback management, the EVOB included in one video sequence of the main picture stream
 P-EVOBS
 Primary EVOBS
 the "Secondary Video Set”
 is a picture stream which is played back simultaneously with the main ⁇ picture, and different from the main picture.
 “Secondary Video Set”
 is different from a multi angle video implemented by the conventional DVD in that the "Secondary Video Set” can play back a picture stream while playing back the main picture, whereas one of the Multi Angle videos is selectively played back.
 the S- EVOB
 (Secondary EVOB) indicates the picture stream itself of the "Secondary Video Set”.
 the "Secondary Video Set”
 does not have a function of the Multi Angle and sub title in the conventional "Primary Video Set", and includes simple video and audio data. In this case, IFO information for managing playback sequence control or the like in detail is not always required.
 the TMAP information for specifying the simple playback stream position
 is prepared in correspondence with an "S-EVOB".
 An “Advanced Element”
 indicates the playback data of the HDD player other than the "Primary Video Set” and the “Secondary Video Set”. More specifically, the “Advanced Element” indicates a still picture data such as JPEG or PNG, the audio data used for an effect sound played back upon click of the button, text data which supplies character information to be described in the text sub-title, and font data used to render the text data.
 a still picture data
 such as JPEG or PNG
 the audio data used for an effect sound played back upon click of the button
 the audio data used for an effect sound played back upon click of the button
 text data
 which supplies character information to be described in the text sub-title
 font data
 used to render the text data.
 the data expressed in a "Multiplexed Data structure on the disc”
 is the data stored in the contiguous sectors on the disc.
 the "P- EVOBS”, “S-EVOB”, “Advanced Element”, and the like
 are interleaved and arranged. This is a countermeasure for avoiding a problem that the "Secondary Video Set” is played back during playing back the "Primary Video Set”, and the "P-EVOBS" data of the "Primary Video Set” is delayed to be supplied by reading out the data from the separated sector on the disc when the "Advanced Element" is. stored in a data cache shown in FIG. 100.
 the "Multiplexed Data structure”
 is arranged at the position of the advanced HD video title set in the video data recording area in the data structure shown in FIGS. 74 and 79. Additionally, the . IFO and TMAP of the "Primary Video Set” are also stored at the position of the advanced HD video title set in the video data recording area. Alternatively, the TMAP of the "Secondary Video
 Video Set
 can access to each other as the ".IFO” and ".MAP" files.
 TMAP and S-EVOB data of the "Secondary Video Set which are not interleaved in the "Multiplexed Data Structure” and the "Advanced Element” data which is not interleaved in the "Multiplexed Data Structure”
 are managed as the advanced content, and can access to each other as the file data in an ADV_OBJ directory.
 FIG. 138
 is a view showing the playback system model of the HD_DVD player as a functional module having a large unit in accordance with the embodiment of the invention.
 a “Data Source”
 indicates a data storage position to which the HD_DVD player can access for playback.
 a "Disc”, “Persistent Storage”, “Network Server”, and the like
 are included.
 the "Disc”
 corresponds to DVD disc 1 shown in FIG. 100.
 the “Persistent Storage”
 corresponds to the persistent storage shown in FIG. 100.
 an NAS (Network Attached Storage) on a home network
 is also included in the persistent storage..
 the “Network Server”
 indicates a server on the Internet. Generally, the “Network Server” is assumed to be managed by a filmmaker supplying the DVD disc.
 An “Advanced Content Player”
 indicates the overall playback system model of the HD_DVD player. As a large module, a “Data Access Manager”, “Data Cache”,
 the "Data Access Manager”
 manages the exchange of the data between the "Advanced Content Player” and the “Data Source”.
 the “Data Cache”
 is a data storage device for temporarily storing the data required for playback of the "Navigation Manager” and the "Presentation Engine”.
 the "Navigation Manager”
 loads and analyzes the “Advanced Navigation", controls the "Presentation
 the "Navigation Manager”
 loads a “Startup File”, and sets the HD_DVD player required for playback control.
 the "Presentation Engine”
 loads the “Primary Video Set”, “Secondary Video Set”, and “Advanced Element” data from the "Data Source” using the "Data Access Manager”.
 the "Presentation Engine”
 also loads the data from the "Data Cache”, plays back the data, and sends the played back data to the "AV Renderer” .
 the "AV Renderer”
 performs ⁇ blending and mixing control of the video and audio data output from the "Presentation Engine", thereby outputting the signal from the last HD_DVD player to the external TV monitor and loudspeaker.
 the "User Interface Controller”
 transmits as an event an input signal from a user interface such as a front panel, remote controller, or mouse, to the Navigation Manager. In addition to this, the "User Interface Controller” controls display of a mouse cursor.
 FIG. 139
 shows the detailed arrangement shown in FIG. 138 from the viewpoint of the data flow.
 the "Disc”
 is a read-only medium so that no data is written by playback control of the "Advanced Navigation” .
 the “Data Access Manager”
 contains the “Persistent Storage Manager”, “Network Manager”, and "Disc
 an arrow from the Disc Manager to the Navigation Manager
 indicates the flow of loading the "Startup File” included in the "Advanced Navigation" by the "Navigation Manager” after a determination process of a predetermined disc type.
 An arrow from the Disc Manager to the Primary Video Player
 indicates the data flow of the Primary Video Set.
 An arrow from the Disc Manager to the Secondary Video Player
 indicates the data flow of the Secondary Video Set interleaved in the Multiplexed Data .Structure on the Disc.
 An arrow from the Disc Manager to the File Cache Manager
 indicates the data flow of the Advanced Element interleaved in the Multiplexed Data Structure on the Disc.
 An arrow from the Disc Manager to the File Cache
 indicates the data flow of the Advanced Navigation
 An arrow from the Persistent Storage or Network Server to the Streaming Buffer
 indicates the flow of the Secondary Video Set.
 An arrow from the File Cache to the Navigation Manager
 indicates the flow of mainly loading the
 An arrow from the File Cache Manager to the File Cache
 indicates the flow of writing the data of the Advanced Element in the File Cache using file units sent from the Disc Manager to the File Cache.
 An arrow from the File Cache to the Advanced Element and the Presentation Engine
 indicates the flow of the Advanced Element.
 An arrow from the File Cache to the Secondary Video Player
 indicates the data flow when the TMAP or S-EVOB of the Secondary Video Set temporarily stored in the File Cache as the file data is played back.
 An arrow from the Streaming Buffer to the Secondary Video Player
 indicates the flow of temporarily loading the large Secondary Video Set stored in the Persistent Storage and the Network Server little by little, and then supplying the loaded Secondary Video Set to the Secondary Video Player.
 this
 is a countermeasure for avoiding interruption of playback of the Secondary Video Set by absorbing the fluctuation of the data loading rate when the data is supplied from the Data Source with unstable data loading rate, like a network.
 An arrow from the Advanced Navigation to the Presentation Engine or the AV Renderer
 indicates a control signal.
 the arrow from the Advanced Navigation to the Presentation Engine
 can also indicate that text subtitle data stored in the Advanced
 FIG. 140
 shows the detailed arrangement shown in FIG. 139 from the viewpoint of data supply from the Disc.
 the Disc Manager
 manages the data from the Disc in the Data Access Manager.
 a Stream Dispatcher
 also manages the data.
 the Stream Dispatcher
 receives the Multiplexed Data Structure shown in FIG. 137 from the Disc Manager, and supplies the data of the P-EVOBS, S-EVOB, and Advanced Element which are interleaved in the Multiplexed Data Structure to the Demux device in the Primary Video Player, the Secondary Video Playback Engine of the Secondary Video Player, and the File Cache Manager in the Navigation Manager, respectively.
 the Disc Manager
 supplies the Startup File on the Disc to the Navigation Manager.
 Each file of the Advanced Navigation,, Advanced Element, and Secondary Video Set managed by a file system on the Disc
 is loaded to the File Cache in accordance with the result obtained by interpreting the Startup File and the Advanced Navigation using the Advanced Navigation Engine in the Navigation Manager.
 the Primary Video Player
 plays back the Primary Video Set
 the IFO and TMAP data of the Primary Video Set
 is captured from the Disc Manager to the DVD Playback Engine, prior to playback.
 the Primary Video Player
 supplies an upper level control API (Application Interface) for playing back the Primary Video Set, to the Navigation Manager.
 the upper level control API
 is the level API such as Play, FF, STOP, or PAUSE.
 the DVD Playback Engine
 performs the detail playback control process of the Primary Video Set.
 the DVD Playback Engine
 performs the playback control of the Primary Video Set in accordance with the ⁇ upper level control API from the Advanced Navigation Engine based on the description of the "Advanced Navigation" .
 the Demux
 demultiplexes the P-EVOB data, and supplies a control pack (N_PCK) , video pack (V_PCK) , and sub-picture pack (SP_PCK) , and audio pack (A_PCK) to the DVD Playback Engine, Video Decoder, SP Decoder, and Audio decoder.
 N_PCK
 control pack
 V_PCK
 video pack
 SP_PCK
 sub-picture pack
 A_PCK
 audio pack
 the TMAP' data of the Secondary Video Set
 is received from the Disc Manager to the Secondary Video Playback Engine, prior to playback. Additionally, the Secondary Video Set managed on the file system can be temporarily stored in the File Cache, and then loaded and played back by the Secondary Video Playback Engine.
 the Secondary Video Player
 supplies the upper level control API for playing back the Secondary Video Set as the Primary Video Player, to the Navigation Manager.
 the Secondary Video Playback Engine
 performs playback control of the Secondary Video Set in accordance with the upper level control API from the Advanced Navigation Engine ' on the basis of the description of the "Advanced Navigation".
 the Demux in the Secondary Video Player
 demultiplexes the S-EVOB data, and supplies the video pack (V_PCK) and audio pack (A_PCK) to the Video Decoder and Audio Decoder, respectively.
 the Secondary Video Set
 only includes the video and audio packs.
 the Secondary Video Set
 only includes the video and audio packs.
 Secondary Video Set
 can include the sub-picture and the control pack.
 the File Cache Manager
 obtains the Advanced Element data pack output from the Stream Dispatcher. After the pack data is supplied to form one file data, the data pack is written as one file belonging to the Advanced Element, to the File Cache.
 write of the file data
 may be started in the File Cache before all data in the font file are collected to the File Cache Manager.
 the file data
 may be sequentially written, and the final font file may be arranged on the File Cache.
 the Advanced Element stored in the Multiplexed Data Structure
 can also be compressed and then interleaved.
 the File Cache Manager
 receives the compressed Advanced Element data to be extracted, and then extracts the input data.
 the generated Advanced Element file
 is written in the File Cache.
 the compressed Advanced Element data
 may be compressed using file units, or the plurality of archived Advanced Element files may be compressed.
 An Advanced Element Presentation Engine
 loads the Advanced Element data from the File Cache, and decodes the Advanced Element in accordance with the control command/signal from the Advanced Navigation Engine based on the description of the Advanced Navigation.
 FIG. 3,41
 shows the more detailed arrangement shown in FIG. 139 from a viewpoint of the data supply from -the Network Server and Persistent Storage.
 a device implementing the Persistent Storage
 can be divided into the Fixed Storage and the Additional Storage.
 the Fixed Storage
 is a recording medium which is fixed and connected to the HD_DVD player such as a FLASH memory.
 the Additional Storage
 is a recording medium which can be connected to or separated from the HD_DVD player.
 the Additional Storage
 can use a memory card represented by an SD card, a memory device and HDD device via the connection interface such as a USB, and a NAS (Network Attached Storage) connected to the network.
 the data
 such as the Advanced Navigation, Advanced Element, and Secondary Video Set are supplied to the File Cache via the Network Manager and Persistent Storage Manager.
 the Secondary Video Set having the S-EVOB which is too large to be stored in the File Cache
 is played back, the data is directly and sequentially supplied to the Secondary Video Playback Engine to perform playback.
 the Advance Navigation
 the data is directly and sequentially supplied to the Secondary Video Playback Engine to perform playback.
 Secondary Video Playback Engine
 can perform playback while the data is temporarily stored in the Streaming Buffer. This is a countermeasure for reducing the possibility that playback of the Secondary Video Set is interrupted when the data supply rate is unstable in the network or the like. Generally, the Streaming Buffer need not be used for playback of the Secondary Video Set captured in the File Cache.
 FIG. 142
 shows the detailed arrangement in FIG. 139 from a viewpoint of the data storage flow of the Persistent Storage and the Network Server.
 An arrow from the Advanced Navigation to the Advanced Element
 indicates the flow of writing the Advanced Element such as a data file generated by the Advanced Navigation Engine using a script language or the like, to the File Cache.
 the Advanced Navigation
 using,- e.g., the Script language, the file for recording the number of views of the Disc is generated.
 the file
 is stored in the Persistent Storage. Whenever the video on the Disc is viewed, the ' data in the file is updated.
 the number of updating processes
 can be displayed on the screen, the score data of a game generated by the Script language can be generated, and the generated data can be sent to the Network Server to compete for high scores.
 These data generated by the Advanced Navigation Engine
 are temporarily stored in the File Cache, and then coped/moved to the appropriate storage destinations.
 An arrow from the Primary Video Player to the Advanced Element
 indicates the flow of interrupting the video currently played back by the Primary Video Set in accordance with the description of the Advanced
 the Navigation Engine and the interpretation of the user operation, and writing the Advanced Element such as an image file obtained by capturing the screen, to the File Cache
 On the generated capture screen, an original chapter group with an appropriate explanation may be generated, the data of the original chapter group may be stored in the Persistent Storage or the like, and a scene may be selected from the original chapters and viewed next time.
 a Secondary Video Set screen to which the Secondary Video Player outputs the data
 As the destination of the capture screen, a Secondary Video Set screen to which the Secondary Video Player outputs the data, a graphics screen to which the Advanced Element Presentation Engine outputs the data, and an output image from the AV Renderer obtained by mixing the above data.
 FIG. 143
 shows the mixed model of the image output in detail. In FIG. 143, five image planes are assumed to be output. From the lower plane, there are a Primary Video Plane, Secondary Video Plane, Sub-Picture Plane, Graphicss Plane, and Cursor Plane.
 the Primary Video Plane
 is a plane for video output from the Primary Video Set.
 the video
 is supplied to the AV Renderer through a scaling device.
 an ⁇ value
 (value for determining contrast ratio) is not assumed to be applied to the Primary Video Plane.
 the ⁇ value
 can be effectively applied for the Primary Video Plane to improve the expression.
 the Secondary Video Plane
 is a plane for video output from the Secondary Video Set.
 the video
 is supplied to the AV Renderer through the scaling device.
 a Chroma Effect function
 is included in order to extract an object shape in the video to overlap the object on the output from the Primary Video. This process can be performed by filling the portion other than the object to be extracted in a specific color, and managing the colored portion as a transparent portion.
 the Sub-Picture Plane
 is a plane for image output from the Sub-Picture of the Primary Video Set.
 the video
 is supplied to the AV Renderer via the scaling device.
 the scaling device
 performs no operation, and the Sub-Picture data corresponding to the output is output form the SP Decoder. Accordingly, the data is mixed with the overall image.
 the Graphics Plane
 is a plane for image output from the Advanced Element Presentation Engine.
 the Advanced Graphics Decoder
 is assumed to process image data such as JPEG and PNG, and image data such as cell animation and vector animation, and the Advanced Text Decoder is assumed to process the text image output using the font data.
 the decode result output for each object unit
 is sent to Layout/Alpha Control, and undergoes a layout and ⁇ blending process in accordance with the control information of the Navigation Manager which interprets the Advanced Navigation. This layout process also includes an object scaling process and the like.
 the Cursor Plane
 is managed by and output from the
 the ⁇ value
 is set for the Cursor object, and mixed with other planes.
 a Graphics Composer
 is a module for managing the mixing process of the five image outputs in the AV Renderer, and includes ⁇ Blending Control, Position Control, Chroma Effect, and the like.
 the Chroma Effect
 is a functional module for processing the color designated by the Navigation Manager as a transparent color, in order to extend a predetermined object shape from the video output from the Secondary Video Player.
 a pixel color value
 can change as a Chroma Key since a Lossy codec such as MPEG2 is used.
 MPEG2
 Lossy codec
 the Position Control
 supplies to the ⁇ Blending Control the image controlled to determine the position of the input video data with respect to the overall image output size.
 the ⁇ Blending Control
 mixes the above video data in accordance with the instruction of the Advanced Navigation which is interpreted by the Navigation Manager, to generate the final video output image.
 FIG. 144
 shows an example of the actual image output from the image output mixed model shown in FIG. 143.
 the video output from the Primary Video Set in the Primary Video Plane
 is a moving image data of the DVD main picture, and displayed on the entire screen.
 the video output from the Secondary Video in the Secondary Video Plane
 is arranged in the Primary Video Plane in the format of a Picture In Picture, and undergoes the ⁇ blending process for the Primary Video image in accordance with the description of the Advanced Navigation.
 the object shape
 can also be extracted to be mixed with the Primary Video Plane.
 the output from the S ' ub-picture Plane
 is the image data of the Sub-Picture stored in the Primary Video Set, given the ⁇ value at a pixel level, and mixed with the mixed image of the Primary Video Plane or the Secondary Video Plane serving as the background.
 the output from the Graphics Plane
 is controlled using the ⁇ value at the pixel level. Accordingly, the ⁇ value of the Graphics Plane is not controlled by the Navigation Manager. In comparison with the Graphics Plane, the Navigation Manager controls the ⁇ value using object units such as a button image and text arranged in the Graphics Plane.
 object units
 such as a button image and text arranged in the Graphics Plane.
 the image object
 itself must use a format to describe the ⁇ value at the pixel level. As this format, PNG, JPEG 2000, and the like are available.
 characters
 may be deformed by scaling an output character image, thereby decreasing the readability.
 the Cursor Plane
 is a pointer image which moves on the screen in accordance with the event of a direction key such as the mouse or remote controller. This pointer image can be replaced with the arbitral Advanced Element image in accordance with the description of the Advanced Navigation.
 the ⁇ value
 can be applied to the Cursor Plane at the object (Plane) level.
 FIG. 145
 is a view showing the mixing model of an audio output.
 three audio outputs
 are mixed. That is, a Primary Audio output is an audio output from the Primary Video Set.
 a Secondary Audio output
 is an audio output from the Secondary Video Set. Note that the Second Video Set need not always include the Video output.
 the Secondary Video Set
 may include only an Audio output.
 Each of the Audio Decoders in the Primary Video Player and the Secondary video player
 can interpret
 Meta Data in the Audio Elementary Stream
 and control a change in mixing level at the frame level:
 the Meta Data process
 is completed in each decoder.
 the Meta Data information
 may be sent to the Sound Mixer, and processed in the Sound Mixer.
 the Sound Decoder in the Advanced Element Presentation Engine
 outputs an effect sound when the button is clicked.
 the mixing process of the audio output
 is performed by the Sampling Rate Converter and the Sound Mixer in the AV Renderer.
 the audio output of the Primary Video
 is generally assumed to be supplied with highest sound quality, and the sampling rates of the Secondary Audio and the Effect Sound correspond to the Primary- Audio.
 the Primary Audio output
 includes no • Sampling Rate Converter.
 a function of deteriorating the audio output quality
 is implemented in order to realize the HD_DVD player at low cost, it is effective to include the Sampling Rate Converter prior to the Primary Audio output.
 Each of the audio signals
 is supplied to the Sound Mixer in a state wherein the Sampling Rates are matched by the Sampling Rate Converter.
 the Sound Mixer
 mixes and outputs .these three audio signals in accordance with the mixing level instructed on the basis of the description of the Advanced Navigation.
 FIG. 146
 is a view showing a User Interface process managed by the User Interface Controller. In this model, as the User Input device, a Front Panel,
 the Cursor Manager
 controls the display position of the cursor object on the screen in accordance with the direction key and moving event of the Remote Controller or the Mouse.
 the button pressure event of the Remote Controller -or the Keyboard
 is notified to the Navigation Manager as the User Interface Event.
 FIG. 147
 is a flowchart showing the flow of the startup process after inserting the disc.
 the content type
 is detected.
 the content type
 can be detected under the condition of the presence of an Advanced VTS and specific Markup File.
 the disc
 is a content type 2 or 3 disc (YES in step ST302)
 the Startup File
 is loaded from the disc (step ST304) .
 a disc including only the Advanced VTS shown in FIG. 74, or a disc including both the Advanced VTS and the Standard VTS shown in FIG. 79
 is available.
 the setting of the player
 changes in accordance with the description (step ST306...player system setting: Configure Player System) .
 the information to be changed
 includes the distribution of the File Cache of Data Cache and the Streaming Buffer, and network connection setting.
 the Advanced Navigation file including the Startup File for the initial operation
 is loaded from ' the Disc, Network Server, Persistent Storage, and the like (step ST308) .
 the Advanced Navigation process described in the Startup File
 then starts (step ST310) .
 the content type 1 disc
 when the disc is a content type 1 disc (NO in step ST302, and YES in step ST312), the content type 1 disc performs Standard VTS playback process to conform to the conventional DVD.
 the content type 1 disc
 includes only the Standard VTS as shown in FIG. 73. If the disc is a disc other than the content type 1 disc (NO in steps ST302 and ST312), each of playback processes is performed in accordance with the medium type supported by the individual HD_DVD player which plays back the disc (step ST316) .
 An information storage medium
 (high-definition video disc or the like) according to the embodiment of the present invention has a data area (12) that stores a video data recording area (20) including a management area (30) that records management information and an object area (40, 50) that records objects to be managed by this management information, and an advanced content recording area (21) including information (21A to 21E) different from the recording content (30 to 50) of this video recording area (20) , and a file information area (11) storing file information corresponding to the recording content of this data area (12) .
 the object area (40, 50)
 is configured to store expanded video objects (objects in an HDVTS and abbreviated as an EVOBS or VOBS as needed) which undergo playback management using a logical unit called a program chain, and advanced objects (objects in an AHDVTS) recorded independently of the expanded video objects.
 the advanced objects
 are configured to store playback control information and the like, which give playback sequence information (playback control information implemented by a markup language and the like, as exemplified in FIGS. 95 to 98) that describes the playback order of expanded video objects, and the playback conditions (playback timings, picture output positions, display sizes, etc.) of other advanced objects.
 the playback conditions
 can be described by a provider of the content recorded on the information storage medium using a predetermined language (markup language or the like) .
 a predetermined language
 markup language or the like
 management information
 which is recorded on the information storage medium and is uniquely determined so far can be updated.
 the playback control information that controls playback of video objects
 is distributed via the Internet or the like after the disc is produced, or the aforementioned playback control information is added to a video disc which is produced once, thus producing a new disc without re-producing the disc.
 video objects, which cannot be played back upon delivery of a DVD-Video disc
 are allowed to be played back using playback control information distributed via the Internet under specific conditions, or problems can be corrected by controlling parts that include errors upon delivery of a DVD-Video disc.
 the embodiment of the present invention
 provides a scheme that allows the user to freely change and enjoy the playback sequence of advanced objects and/or expanded video objects using playback control information implemented by the markup language at the time of production or after sales of an information storage medium (ROM-based disc) .
 ROM-based disc
 information storage medium
 the data area (12)
 is a group of one or more primary objects (EVOB#1, #2, and the like) whose relationship with the playback time (TM_DIFF or the like) and the recording position (TM_EN_ADR or the like) is managed by one or more time maps (TMAP#1, #2, and the like; corresponding to TMAPIT) .
 the data area (12)
 can store a primary object set (P-EVOBS) included in the main picture stream, and a secondary object (S- EVOB) included in another picture stream which serves as an object for managing the relationship between a playback time (TM DIFF) and recording position (TM_EN_ADR) by individual time map (TMAP) and is included in another picture stream played back simultaneously with the main picture stream.
 P-EVOBS
 primary object set
 S- EVOB
 secondary object included in another picture stream which serves as an object for managing the relationship between a playback time (TM DIFF) and recording position (TM_EN_ADR) by individual time map (TMAP) and is included in another
 playback of one or more primary objects
 can be managed on the basis of the playback time using one or more time maps (TMAP#1, #2, and the like; corresponding to TMAPIT) .
 playback of the secondary object
 S-EVOB which can be played back simultaneously (synchronously) with the arbitral object of the primary objects
 EVOB#1, #2, an the like
 can be managed on the basis of the playback time using the individual time map (TMAP) .
 TMAP
 individual time map
 the playback timing and/or playback duration of the secondary object played back simultaneously (or synchronously) with a given primary object
 can be freely set using the predetermined language (Markup language or the like) .
 information elements
 e.g., 310 to 318 in the example of FIG. 3 are arranged in the illustrated order. This arrangement corresponds to the order indicating which information element is to be loaded first by the player upon playback of disc 1.
 the present invention
 is not limited to the aforementioned specific embodiments, but can be embodied by variously modifying constituent elements without departing from the scope of the invention when it is practiced.
 the present invention
 can be applied not only to ' DVD-ROM Video that has currently spread worldwide but also to recordable/reproducible DVD-VR (video recorder) whose demand is increasing in recent years.
 the present invention
 can be applied to a reproduction system or a recording/reproduction system of next- generation HD-DVD which will be spread in the near future.
 various inventions
 can be formed by appropriately combining a plurality of required constituent,elements disclosed in the respective embodiments. For example, some required constituent elements may be omitted from all required constituent elements disclosed in the respective embodiments. Furthermore, required constituent elements across different embodiments may be appropriately combined.
 Landscapes
 Engineering & Computer Science
 (AREA)
 Signal Processing
 (AREA)
 Multimedia
 (AREA)
 Computer Security & Cryptography
 (AREA)
 Automation & Control Theory
 (AREA)
 Signal Processing For Digital Recording And Reproducing
 (AREA)
 Management Or Editing Of Information On Record Carriers
 (AREA)
 Television Signal Processing For Recording
 (AREA)
 Abstract
 In content recorded in a playback only information storage medium, a video object for playing back a video in a method different from the conventional playback sequence and its playback order are controlled. To achieve the control, the data area (12) stores a primary object set (P-EVOBS) which is a group of at least one primary object (EVOB&num;1, &num;2, ...) for managing a relationship between a playback time and a recording position in accordance with at least one time map (TMAP&num;1, &num;2, ...; or TMAPIT), and includes a main picture stream, and a secondary object (S-EVOB) in which a relationship between the playback time and the recording position is managed in accordance with an individual time map (TMAP), and includes another picture stream to be played back simultaneously with the main picture stream.
 Description
 D E S C R I P T I O N
 INFORMATION STORAGE .MEDIUM, INFORMATION PLAYBACK METHOD, INFORMATION DECODE METHOD, AND INFORMATION PLAYBACK APPARATUS
 Technical Field The present invention relates to an information storage medium such as an optical disc or the like, a method of playing back this information storage medium, a method of decoding information obtained from this information storage medium, a communication line, or the like, and an information playback apparatus for playing back this information storage medium.
 Background Art
 In recent years, DVD-Video discs having high image quality and advanced functions, and video players that play back such discs have prevailed, and the range of choice for peripheral devices and the like used to play back such multi-channel audio has broadened. An environment in which users can personally implement a home theater and allows users to freely enjoy movies, animations, and the like with high image quality and high sound quality at home has become available.
 As described in Jpn. Pat. Appln. KOKAI Publication No. 10-50036, a playback apparatus which can superimpose various menus by changing, e.g., text colors for playback video pictures from a disc has been 
proposed.
 However, in recent years, along with the improvement of image compression techniques, a demand has arisen for realization of higher image quality from both users and content providers. In addition to realization of higher image quality, the content providers require an environment that can provide more attractive content to users by upgrading and expanding the content (e.g., more colorful menus, improvement of interactiveness, and the like) in content such as menu screens, bonus video pictures, and the like as well as a title itself. Furthermore, some users require to freely enjoy content by playing back still picture data sensed by the user, subtitle text data acquired via Internet connection, and the like by freely designating their playback positions, playback regions, or playback times.
 As described above, an environment that can provide more attractive content to users by upgrading and expanding the content (e.g., more colorful menus, improvement of interactiveness, and the like) in content such as menu screens, bonus video pictures, and the like in addition to realization of higher image quality of a title itself is required. On the other hand, in order to produce content with more colorful menus and high interactiveness, a technique different from conventional content 
production is required. Hence, much time must be spent to master such a technique. For this reason, a content providing environment that allows the conventional production technique and can realize high image quality of a title itself (although functions are a little more than the conventional technique) is required at the same time.
 In a conventional DVD-Video disc (ROM disc) , a video object to be played back (to be referred to as a VOB or EVOB) and/or its playback order is determined on the basis of program chain (PGC) information which is set, determined in advance, and recorded on a disc by content producers. However, a video object to be played back and its playback order are determined in advance upon its production and cannot be changed after the disc is produced. That is, when the above video object to be played back and its playback order are to be changed, the content producers need to make new management information of the DVD-Video disc and record a changed PGC on a new disc, and users need to buy the DVD-Video disc with the changed PGC recorded thereon.
 The present invention has been made in consideration of the above situation, and has as one of its subjects to implement video objects to be played back using playback control information implemented by a markup language or the like and control of its playback order with respect to content recorded on a 
conventional DVD-video disc.
 In other words, an object of the present invention is to provide an environment to implement video objects to be played back by a method different from an existing playback sequence and control of its playback order with respect to content recorded on a read-only information storage medium such as a DVD-video disc or the like.
 Disclosure of Invention An information storage medium (1) according to an embodiment of the present invention has a data area (12) in which a video data recording area (20) including a-management area (30) for recording management information (HDVMG) and an object area (40, 50) for recording object (HDVTS, AHDVTS) managed by the management information, and an advanced .content recording area (21) including information (21A - 21E) different from recording content (30 - 50) in the video data recording area (20) are stored, and a file information area (11) in which file information
 (FIG. 2) corresponding to the recording content in the data area (12) is stored. In this information storage medium, the data area (12) is configured to store a primary object set (P-EVOBS) which is a group, of at least one of primary objects (EVOB#1, #2, and the like) for managing a relationship between a playback time (TM DIFF or the like) and a recording position 
(TM_EN_ADR or the like) in accordance with at least one of time maps (TMAP#1, #2, and the like; corresponding to TMAPIT) , and includes a main picture stream, and a secondary object (S-EVOB) in which the relationship between the playback time (TM_DIFF) and the recording position (TM_EN_ADR) is managed in accordance with an individual time map (TMAP) , and includes another picture stream to be played back simultaneously with the main picture stream. By practicing this invention, an information storage medium and its playback apparatus, which can implement colorful expressions and can form attractive content, can be provided.
 Brief Description of Drawings FIG. 1 shows an example of the data structure of recording information on disc-shaped information storage medium (optical disc, etc.) 1 according to an embodiment of the present invention;
 FIG. 2 is a view for explaining an example of a file system used to manage content recorded on the disc-shaped information storage medium according to the embodiment of the present invention;
 FIG. 3 shows an example of the data structure of HD video manager information (HDVMGI) recorded on an HD video manager (HDVMG) recording area;
 FIG. 4 shows an example of the data structure of" an HD video manager information management table 
(HDVMGI_MAT) included in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) and the recording content of category information (HDVMG_CAT) stored in this management table; FIG. 5 shows an example of the data structure of a title search pointer table (TT_SRPT) recorded in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) ;
 FIG. 6 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video manager menu PGCI unit table (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT) recorded in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI);
 FIG. 7 shows an example of the data structure of each HD video manager menu language unit (HDVMGM_LU#n) ;
 FIG. 8 shows an example of the recording content of an HDVMGM_PGC category (HDVMGM_PGC_CAT) ;
 FIG. 9 shows an example of the data, structure of a parental management information table (PTL_MAIT) recorded in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) ; FIG. 10 shows an example of the data structure of each parental management information (PTL_MAI#n) ;
 FIG. 11 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set attribute information table (HDVTS_ATRT) recorded in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI); FIG. 12 shows 'an example of the data structure of a text data manager (TXTDT_MG) recorded in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) ; 
 FIG. 13 shows an example of the data structure of each text data language unit (TXTDT_LU#n) ;
 FIG. 14 shows an example of the data structure of text data (TXTDT) ; FIG. 15 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video manager menu cell address table (HDMVGM_C_ADT) recorded in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) ;
 FIG. 16 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video manager menu video object unit address map (HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP) recorded in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI);
 FIG. 17 shows an example of the data structure of an HD menu audio object set information table (HDMENU_AOBSIT) recorded in the HD video manager information (HDVMGI);
 FIG. 18 shows an example of the data structure of a menu video object area (HDVMGM_VOBS) recorded in the HD video manager (HDVMG) area; FIG. 19 shows an example of the data structure of a menu audio object area (HDMENU_AOBS) recorded in the HD video manager (HDVMG) area;
 FIG. 20 shows an example of the data structure of HD video title set information (HDVTSI) recorded on each HD video title set (HDVTS#n) recording area;
 FIG. 21 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set information management table 
(HDVTSI_MAT) recorded in the HD video' title set information (HDVTSI);
 FIG. 22 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set part-of-title search pointer table (HDVTS_PTT_SRPT) recorded in the HD video title set information (HDVTSI);
 FIG. 23 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set program chain information table (HDVTS_PGCIT) recorded in the HD video title set information (HDVTSI);
 FIG. 24 shows an example of the recording content of an HDVTS_PGC category (HDVTS_PGC_CAT) ;
 FIG. 25 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set menu PGCI unit table (HDVTSM_PGCI_UT) recorded in the HD video title set information (HDVTSI);
 FIG. 26 shows an example of the data structure of each HD video title set menu language unit (HDVTSM_LU#n) ; FIG. 27 shows an example of the recording content of an HDVTSM_PGC category (HDVTSM_PGC_CAT) ;
 FIG. 28 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set time map table (HDVTSJTMAPT) recorded in the HD video title set information (HDVTSI);
 FIG. 29 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set menu cell address table 
(HDVTSM_C_ADT) recorded in HD video title set information (HDVTSI);
 FIG. 30 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set menu video object unit address map (HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP) recorded in HD video title set information (HDVTSI);
 FIG. 31 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set cell address table (HDVTS_C_ADT) recorded in HD video title set information (HDVTSI) ; FIG. 32 shows an example of the data structure of an HD video title set video object unit address map (HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAP) recorded in HD video title set information (HDVTSI);
 FIG. 33 shows an example of the data structure of program chain general information (PGC_GI) included in program chain information (PGCI: e.g., corresponding to one of HDVTS_PGCI in FIG. 23), and the recording content of a PGC graphics unit stream control table (PGC_GUST_CTLT) and resume/audio object category (RSM&AOB_CAT) stored in this PGCI;
 FIG. 34 shows an example of the data structure of a program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) included in the program chain information (PGCI);
 FIG. 35 shows an example of the content of program chain command table information (PGC_CMDTI) and each resume command (RSM_CMD) included in the program chain command table (PGC CMDT) ; 
 FIG. 36 shows an example of the data structure of a program chain program map (PGC_PGMAP) and that of a cell position information table (C_POSIT) included in the program chain information (PGCI) ; FIG. 37 shows an example of the data structure of a cell playback information table (C_PBIT) included in the program chain information (PGCI) ;
 FIG. 38 is a block diagram showing an example of the internal structure of a playback apparatus for the disc-shaped information storage medium (optical disc, etc.) according to the embodiment of the present invention;
 FIG. 33 is a block diagram for explaining an example of the arrangement of each decoder in the apparatus shown in FIG. 38;
 FIG. 40 is a view for explaining the concept of imaginary video access unit IVAU;
 FIG. 41 is a view for explaining a practical example of system parameters used in the embodiment of the present invention;
 FIG. 42 shows an example of a list of commands used in the embodiment of the present invention;
 FIG. 43 shows practical examples in respective fields of the commands used in the embodiment of the present invention;
 FIG. 44 shows an example of allocation of graphics units GU in video objects; 
 FIG. 45 shows an example of the data structure in each graphics unit;
 FIG. 46 shows an example of header information content and general information content -in each graphics unit;
 FIG. 47 is a view for explaining image examples of mask data and graphics data in each graphics unit; FIG. 48 is a view showing an example of video composition including mask patterns; FIG. 49 is a view for explaining an example of button position information in graphics unit GU;
 FIG. 50 is a view for explaining an example of the recording content of an advanced content recording area of the information content recorded on disc-shaped information storage medium (optical disc, etc.) 1 according to another embodiment of the present invention;
 FIG. 51 is a view for explaining an example of the recording content of an advanced HD video title set (AHDVTS) recording area of the information content recorded on disc-shaped information storage medium (optical disc, etc.) 1 according to still another embodiment of the present invention;
 FIG. 52 shows an example of the data structure of advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) recorded on the advanced HD video title set recording " area; 
 FIG. 53 shows an example of the data structure of an advanced HD video title set information management table (AHDVTSI_MAT) recorded in the advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) , and the- recording content of category information (AHDVTS_CAT) stored in this management table;
 FIG. 54 shows an example of the data structure of an advanced HD video title set part-of-title search pointer table (AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT) recorded in the advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI);
 FIG. 55 shows an example of the data structure of an advanced HD video title set program chain information. table (AHDVTS_PGCIT) recorded in the advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI); FIG. 56 shows an example of the data structure of program chain general information (PGC_GI) included in program chain information (PGCI: e.g., corresponding to AHDVTS_PGCI in FIG. 55);
 FIG. 57 shows an example of the data structure of an advanced HD video title set cell address table
 (AHDVTS_C_ADT) recorded in the advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) ;
 FIG. 58 shows an example of the data structure of a time map information table (TMAPIT) recorded in the advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI);
 FIG. 59 shows an example of the data structure of each time map information (TMAPI) included in the time 
map information table (TMAPIT) , and the recording content of time map generation information (TMAP_GI) stored in this time map information;
 FIG. 60 shows an example of the data structure of a time entry table (TM_ENT) included in the time map information (TMAPI) and the recording content of the number of time entries (TM_EN_Ns) and a time entry (TM_EN) stored in this time entry table;
 FIG. 61 shows an example of the recording content of a video object unit entry (VOBU_ENT) , those of an interleaved unit address entry (ILVU_ADR_ENT) , and those of an entry video object number (ENT_VOBN) , which are included in the time map information (TMAPI) ;
 FIG. 62 is a flowchart for explaining an example of the playback sequence of an advanced VTS (AHDVTS in FIGS. 51, 74, 79, and the like) according to the content of information (application type) included in the management information (e.g., AHDVTS_CAT in FIG. 53); FIG. 63 is a view for explaining the configuration of a navigation pack (NV_PCK) allocated at the head of each data unit (EVOBU) used in an expanded video object (a video object in an HDVTS) according to the embodiment of the present invention; FIG. 64 shows an example of the data structure of playback control information (PCI) in the navigation pack (NV_PCK) used in the expanded video object; 
 FIG. 65 shows an example of the data structure of data search information (DSI) in the navigation pack (NV_PCK) used in the expanded video object;
 FIG. 66 is a view for explaining an example of the configuration of an advanced VTS (AHDVTS) ;
 FIG. 67 is a view for explaining elements which form a time map according to the embodiment of the present invention;
 FIG. 68 is a view for explaining practical elements which form the time map;
 FIG. 69 shows an example of a case wherein a plurality of objects (e.g., V0B#2 and VOB#3) are to be played back.using ILVU data of an interleaved block;
 FIG. 70 is a view for explaining a time map of an ILVU interval in the example of FIG. 69;
 FIG. 71 is a view for explaining a time map in the interleaved block;
 FIG. 72 is a block diagram showing an example of the internal structure of a playback apparatus according to still another embodiment of the present invention;
 FIG. 73 is a view for explaining a part (HDVMG_CAT) of the recording content of an HD video manager (HDVMG) recording area of the information content recorded on disc-shaped information storage medium (content type 1 disc) 1 according to still another embodiment of the present invention; 
 FIG. 74 is a view for explaining the data structure (AHDVMGI is allocated in the HDVMG unlike in the example of FIG. 1) of an HD video manager (HDVMG) recording area of the information content recorded on disc-shaped information storage medium (content type 2 disc example 1) 1 according to still another embodiment of the present invention;
 FIG. 75 shows an example of the data structure of advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI) recorded on the HD video manager (HDVMG) shown in FIG. 74;
 FIG. 76 shows an example of the data structure of an advanced. HD video manager information management table (AHDVMGI_MAT) included in the advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI), and the recording content of category information (HDVMG_CAT) stored in this management table;
 FIG. 77 shows an example of the data structure of an advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) included in the advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI) ;
 FIG. 78 is a view for explaining a playback model (example 1) of a disc that records an advanced VTS (AHDVTS) ; FIG. 79 is a view for explaining the data structure of video data recording area 20 and advanced content recording area 21 of the information content 
recorded on disc-shaped information storage medium (content type 2 disc example 2) 1 according to still another embodiment of the present invention;
 FIG. 80 shows an example of the data structure of advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI) that can be recorded in an HD video manager (HDVMG) shown in FIG. 79;
 FIG. 81 shows an example of the data structure of an advanced HD video manager information management table (AHDVMGI_MAT) included in the advanced video manager information (AHDVMGI) in FIG. 80, and the recording content (the content different from FIG. 76) of category, information (HDVMG_CAT) stored in this management table; FIG. 82 shows an example of the data structure (the content different from FIG. 77) of .an advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) included in the advanced video manager information (AHDVMGI) in FIG. 80; FIG. 83 is a view for explaining the relationship between the advanced VTS playback state and standard VTS playback state;
 FIG. 84 is a view for explaining a playback control module shift command on the DVD-Video playback engine side;
 FIG. 85 is a flowchart for explaining a switching algorithm of a user command process; 
 FIG. 86 is a view for explaining a domain transition model in a content type 2 disc (FIG. 79, etc.) which records the advanced VTS and standard VTS together; FIG. 87 is a view for explaining a playback model
 (example 2) that records the advanced VTS (AHDVTS) and standard VTS (HDVTS) together;
 FIG. 88 is a view for explaining a unique reference model of objects in a disc that records the advanced VTS (AHDVTS) and standard VTS (HDVTS) together;
 FIG. 89 is a view for explaining a shared reference model of objects in a disc that records the advanced VTS (AHDVTS) and standard VTS (HDVTS) together;
 FIG. 90 is a view for explaining a.practical example of loading information included in advanced content;
 FIG. 91 is a block diagram for explaining the arrangement of a buffer manager in an interactive engine of the apparatus shown in FIG. 72; and
 FIG. 92 is a flowchart for explaining an example of the apparatus operation when the interactive engine of the apparatus shown in FIG. 72 is activated. FIG. 93 is a view for explaining an example of the configuration of an advanced VTS having multiple PGCs; FIG. 94 is a view for explaining an example of the 
configuration of an advanced VTS having one PGC;
 FIG. 95 is a view for explaining a description example (an example using the chapter/PTT numbers) of a playback sequence in a playback sequence information file (e.g., file PBSEQOOl.XML in FIG. 2) ;
 FIG. 96 is a view for explaining another description example (an example using the cell numbers) of a playback sequence in a playback sequence information file (a PBSEQOOl.XML file or the like); FIG. 97 is a view for explaining still another description example (an example using the PGC number and chapter/PTT numbers) of a playback sequence in a playback sequence information file (file PBSEQOOl.XML or the like) ; FIG. 98 is a view for explaining yet another description example (an example using the PGC number and cell numbers) of a playback sequence in a playback sequence information file (file PBSEQOOl.XML or the like) ; FIG. 99 is a flowchart for explaining an example of the processing for initializing the playback sequence of an advanced VTS by a DVD playback engine using a playback sequence information file (e.g., file PBSEQOOl.XML in FIG. 2) (so as to initialize .to use a playback sequence based on the description of the playback sequence information file in place of that based on existing PGC information) ; 
 FIG. 100 is a block diagram for explaining an example of the internal structure of a playback apparatus according to still another embodiment of the present invention; FIG. 101 is a view showing another example of the data structure of an advanced HD video title set program chain information table (AHDVTS_PGCIT) recorded in advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) ;
 FIG. 102 is a view showing an example of the plane configuration upon super in posing output frames of respective modules in a video mixer shown in FIG. 100;
 FIG. 103 is a view for explaining an example of time map information (TMAPI) including no time entry in a case wherein one TMAPI is stored in one TMAP file; FIG. 104 is a view for explaining an example of time map information (TMAPI) including no time entry in a case wherein one or more pieces (in this example, two pieces) of TMAPI are stored in one TMAP file;
 FIG. 105 is a view for explaining the configuration of time map information for EVOBs which are allocated in an interleaved block and form angles; FIG. 106 is a view showing an example of the data structure of a time map information table (TMAPIT) including no time entry; FIG. 107 is a view showing an example of the data structure of time map information (TMAPI) including no time entry; 
 FIG. 108 is a view showing an example of the data structure of control packs (standard GCI_PCK and advanced GCI_PCK) including general control information (GCI); FIG. 109 is a view showing an example of the data structure of general control information (GCI) ;
 FIG. 110 is a view for explaining another example of the data structure of advanced HD video title set information (advanced VTSI) recorded in the advanced HD video title set recording area;
 FIG. Ill is a view showing an example of the data structure of an advanced HD video title set attribute information .table (AHDVTS_ATRIT) stored in the advanced VTSI in FIG. 110; and FIG. 112 is a view showing an example of the data structure of an advanced HD video title set EVOB information table (AHDVTS_EVOBIT) stored in the advanced VTSI in FIG. 110.
 FIG. 113 shows an example of a case (case 1) wherein one program stream obtained by multiplexing a primary object (movie object) and a secondary object (advanced object) is recorded on a disc, and the advanced object (secondary object) is independently "present as a program stream on an external communication line (Web) ;
 FIG. 114 is a view for explaining a decoding model in the -case 1; 
 FIG. 115 shows an example of a case (case 2-1) wherein the program streams of the primary object and secondary object (two program streams obtained by multiplexing using pack units) are recorded on the disc, and the advanced object (secondary object) is independently present as the program stream on the external communication line (Web) ;
 FIG. 116 is a view for explaining a decoding model in the case 2-1; FIG. 117 shows an example of a case (case 2-2) wherein the program streams of the primary object and secondary object (two program streams obtained by multiplexing using access units) are recorded on the disc, and the advanced object (secondary object) is independently present as the program stream on the external communication line (Web) ;
 FIG. 118 is a view for explaining a decoding model in the case 2-2;
 FIG. 119 is a view for explaining an example (a case wherein private stream 1 is used to identify objects) of a stream ID which is used to identify the content of the primary object and secondary object;
 FIG. 120 shows an example of the arrangement of a sub-stream ID for private stream 1 in the stream ID shown in FIG. 119;
 FIG. 121 shows an example of the arrangement of a sub-stream ID for private stream 2 in the stream ID 
shown in FIG . 119 ;
 FIG. 122 is a view for explaining another example (a case wherein private stream 3 is newly provided to identify objects) of a stream ID which is used to identify the content of the primary object and secondary object;
 FIG. 123 shows an example of the arrangement of the sub-stream ID for private stream 1 in the stream ID shown in FIG. 122; FIG. 124 shows an example of the arrangement of the sub-stream ID for private stream 2 in the stream ID shown in FIG. 122;
 FIG. 125 shows an example of the arrangement of a sub-stream ID for private stream 3 in the stream ID shown in FIG. 122;
 FIG. 126 is a flowchart for explaining an example of a processing sequence when the primary object and/or secondary object is played back from the disc and/or external communication line (Web) ; FIG. 127 is a view for explaining a playback path of the primary object and secondary object from the disc;
 FIG. 128 is a view for explaining the playback path of the primary object from the disc and the secondary object from the external communication line (Web) ;
 FIG. 129 shows an example of the data structure of 
a time map information table including a time map type flag (TMAP_TYPE_FL) ;
 FIG. 130 is a view for explaining Markup description example 1; FIG. 131 is a view for explaining Markup description example 2/
 FIG. 132 is a view for explaining Markup description example 3;
 FIG. 133 shows another example of a case (case Ia) wherein one program stream obtained by multiplexing a primary. object (movie object) and a secondary object (advanced object) is recorded on a disc, and the advanced obj-ect (secondary object) is independently present as a program stream on an external communication line (Web) /
 FIG. 134- shows still another example of a case (case Ib) wherein one program stream obtained by multiplexing a primary object (movie object) and a secondary object (advanced object) is recorded on a disc, and the advanced object (secondary object) is independently present as a program stream on an external communication line (Web) ;
 FIG. 135 is a view for explaining a decoding model in the case Ia; FIG. 136 is a view for explaining an example of a smoothing buffer operation in the decoding model in case Ia; 
 FIG. 137 shows an example of the outline of an advanced content on the disc;
 FIG. 138 shows an example of the outline of a playback system model of the advanced content; FIG. 139 is a block diagram for explaining an example of a data flow in the playback system model of the advanced content;
 FIG. 140 is a block diagram for explaining another example of a data flow in the playback system model of the advanced content;
 FIG. 141 is a block diagram for explaining still another example of a data flow in the playback system model of the advanced content;
 FIG. 142 is a block diagram for explaining still another example of a data flow in the playback system model of the advanced content;
 FIG. 143 is a block diagram for explaining an example of an image output mixing model in the playback system model of the advanced content; FIG. 144 shows a concrete example of the image output mixing model;
 FIG. 145 is a block diagram for explaining an example of an audio output mixing model in the playback system model of the advanced content; FIG. 146 is a block diagram for explaining an example of a user interface process in the playback system model of the advanced content; and 
 FIG. 147 is a flowchart for explaining an example of a startup process after inserting the disc. Best Mode for Carrying Out the Invention
 Best Mode for Carrying Out the Invention An information storage medium, information playback method, and information playback apparatus according to an embodiment of the present invention will be described hereinafter with reference to the accompanying drawings. FIG. 1 is a view for explaining the information content recorded on a disc-shaped information storage medium according to the embodiment of the present invention. Information storage medium 1 shown in FIG. 1 (a) can be configured by a high-density optical disk (a high-density or high-definition digital versatile disc: HD_DVD for short) which uses, e.g., a red laser of a wavelength of 650 nm or a. blue laser of a wavelength of 405 nm (or less) .
 Information storage medium 1 includes lead-in area 10, data area 12, and lead-out area 13 from the inner periphery side, as shown in FIG. l(b) . This information storage medium 1 adopts the ISO 9660 and UDF bridge structures as a file system, and has ISO 9660 and UDF volume/file structure information area 11 on the lead-in side of data area 12. Data area 12 allows mixed allocations of video data recording area 20 used to record DVD-Video content (also called standard content or SD content) , another 
video data recording area (advanced content recording area used to record advanced content) 21, and general computer information recording area 22, as shown in FIG. 1 (c) . Video data recording area 20 includes HD video manager (High Definition-compatible Video Manager [HDVMG] ) recording area 30 that records management information associated with the entire HD_DVD-Video content recorded in video data recording area 20, HD video title set (High Definition-compatible Video Title Set [HDVTS], also called standard VTS) recording area 40 which are arranged for respective titles, and record management information and video information (video objects) for respective titles together, and advanced HD video title set (advanced VTS) recording area [AHDVTS] 50, as shown in FIG. 1 (d) .
 HD video manager (HDVMG) recording area 30 includes HD video manager information (High Definition- compatible Video Manager Information [HDVMGI]) area 31 that indicates management information associated with overall video data recording area 20, HD video manager information backup (HDVMGI_BUP) area 34 that records the same information as in HD video manager information area 31 as its backup, and menu video object (HDVMGMJVOBS) area 32 that records a top menu screen indicating whole video data recording area 20, as shown in FIG. 1 (e) . 
 In the embodiment of the present invention, HD video manager recording area 30 newly includes menu audio object (HDMENU_AOBS) ' area 33 that records audio information to be output in parallel upon menu display. An area of first play PGC language select menu VOBS
 (FP_PGCM_VOBS) 35 which is executed upon first access immediately after disc (information storage medium) 1 is loaded into a disc drive is configured to record a screen that can set a menu description language code and the like.
 One HD video title set (HDVTS) recording area 40 that records management information and video information, (video objects) together for each title includes HD video title set information (HDVTSI) area 41 which records management information for all content in HD video title set recording area 40,_ HD video title set information backup (HDVTSI_BUP) area 44 which records the same information as in HD video title set information area 41 as its backup data, menu video object (HDVTSM_VOBS) area 42 which records information of menu screens for each video title set, and title video object (HDVTSTT_VOBS) area 43 which records video object data (title video information) in this video title set. FIG. 2 is a view for explaining an example of a file system which manages content recorded on the discshaped information storage medium according to the 
 embodiment of the present invention. The areas (30, 40) shown in FIG. 1 form independent files in the file system having the ISO 9660 and UDF bridge structures. Conventional (standard SD) DVD-Video content are ■ allocated together under a directory named "VIDEO_TS". On the other hand, files according to the embodiment of the present invention have a configuration in which an HVDVD_TS directory for storing information files that handle High-Definition video data, and an ADV_OBJ directory for storing information files that handle advanced object data are allocated under a Root directory, as shown in, e.g., FIG. 2.
 The HVDVD_TS directory broadly includes a group of files which belong to a menu group used for a menu, and groups of files which belong to title set groups used for titles. As the group of files that belong to the menu group, an information file (HVIOOOOl. IFO) for a video manager having information used to manage the entire disk, its backup file (HVIOOOOl.BUP) , and playback data files (HVMOOOOl.EVO to HVM00003.EVO) of expanded video object sets for a menu used as background frames of a menu are stored.
 As the group of files that belong to a title set #n group (e.g., title set #1 group), an information file (HVIxxxOl.IFO: xxx = 001 to 999) for a video title set having information used to manage title set #n, its backup file (HVIxxxOl.BUP: xxx = 001 to 999), playback 
data files (HVTxxxyy.EVO: xxx = 001 to 999, yy = 01 to 99) of expanded video object sets for title set #n used as a title are stored.
 Furthermore, as the group of files that belong to an advanced title set group, an information file
 (HVIAOOOl. IFO) for a video title set having information used to manage an advanced title set, its backup file (HVIAOOOl.BUP) , playback data files (HVTAxxyy.EVO: xx = 01 to 99, yy = 01 to 99) of video object sets for advanced title sets used as 'titles, time map information files (HVMAxxxx.MAP: xxxx = 0001 to 9999) for advanced title sets, their backup files (HVMAxxxx.BUP: xxxx = 0001 to 9999, not shown), and the like are stored. The ADV_OBJ directory stores a startup information file (STARTUP.XML), loading information .file (LOADOOl.XML) , playback sequence information file (PBSEQOOl.XML) , markup language file (PAGEOOl.XML) , moving picture data, animation data, still picture data file, audio data file, font data file, and the like. Note that the content of the startup information file include startup information of data such as moving picture data, animation data, still picture data, audio data, font data, a markup language used to control playback of these data, and the like. The loading information file records loading information (that can be described using a markup language/script 
language/stylesheet, and the like) , which describes information associated with files to be loaded onto a buffer in a playback apparatus, and the like.
 The playback sequence information file (PBSEQOOl.XML) records playback sequence information
 (that can be also described using a markup language or the like) , which defines a section to be played back of the playback data files of expansion video object sets for advanced title sets in the advanced title set group, and the like.
 Note that the markup language is a language that describes text attributes along commands which are defined in advance, and can give the font type, size, color, and the like to a character string as attributes. In other words, the markup language is a description language which describes structures (headings, hyperlinks, and the like) and modification information (character size, the state of composition, and the like) of sentences in these sentences by partially bounding special character strings called tags.
 Since a document written using the markup language becomes a text file, the user can normally read it using a text editor, and can edit that file, of course. As typical markup languages, Standard Generalized Markup Language (SGML) , Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) evolved from SGML, TeX, and the like are known. 
 FIG. 3 shows an example of the detailed data structure in HD video manager information (HDVMGI) area 31 shown in FIG. 1 (e) . At' the head of this area 31, HD video manager information management table (HDVMGI_MAT) 310, which records management information common to the entire HD_DVD-Video content recorded in video data recording area 20 together, is allocated. After this table, title search pointer table (TT_SRPT) 311 that records information helpful to search (to detect the start positions of) titles present in the HD_DVD-Video content, HD video manager menu program chain information unit table (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT) 312 that records management information of a menu screen, which is separately allocated for each menu description language code used to display a menu, parental management information table (PTL_MAIT) 313 that records information for managing pictures fit or unfit for children to see as parental information, HD video title set attribute information table (HDVTS_ATRT) 314 that records attributes of title sets together, text data manager (TXTDT_MG) 315 that records text information to be displayed for the user together, HD video manager menu cell address table (HDVMGM_C_ADT) 316 that records information helpful to search for the start address of a cell that forms the menu screen, HD video manager menu video object unit address map (HDVMGM VOBU ADMAP) 317 that records address 
information of VOBU which indicates a minimum unit of video objects that form the menu screen, and HD menu audio object set information table (HDMENU_AOBSIT) 318 are stored in turn. HD menu audio object set information table (HDMENU_AOBSIT) 318 in HD video manager information (HDVMGI) area 31 records management data for objects in menu audio object (HDMENU_AOBS) area 33.
 Note that the data structure from HD video manager information management table (HDVMGI_MAT) 310 to HD video manager menu video object unit address map (HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP) 317 matches that of the conventional DVD-Video management information.
 In the embodiment of the present invention, the field of HD menu audio object set information table (HDMENU_AOBSIT) 318 to be newly added is separately allocated after those which match the conventional DVD- Video management information. With this allocation, a description of a conventional control program using the conventional DVD-Video management information can be utilized upon practicing the present invention (the description of the control program using management information with the same data structure as in the conventional DVD-Video can be commonly used in the prior art and the present invention) . In this manner, generation of a control program for an information playback apparatus according to the embodiment of the 
present invention can be simplified.
 FIG. 4 shows an example of the detailed data structure in HD video manager information management table (HDVMGI_MAT) 310 in FIG. 3. In this management table 310, information of first play PGCI (FP_PGCI) that records language select menu management information for the user, the start address information (HDMENU_AOBS_SA) of an HDMENU_AOBS, the start address information (HDMENU_AOBSIT_SA) of an HDVMGM_AOBS information table, information of the number
 (HDVMGM_GUST_Ns) of HDVMGM graphics unit streams, HDVMGM graphics unit stream attribute information (HDVMGM_GUST_ATR) , and the like are allocated. In addition, HD video manager information management table (HDVMGI_MAT) 310 records various kinds of information: an HD video manager identifier (HDVMG_ID) , the end address (HDVMG_EA) of the HD video manager, the end address (HDVMGI_EA) of the HD video manager information, the version number (VERN) of the HD_DVD-Video standard, an HD video manager category (HDVMG_CAT) , a volume set identifier (VLMS_ID) , an adaptation identifier (ADP_ID) , the number (HDVTS_Ns) of HD video title sets, a provider unique identifier (PVR_ID), a POS code (POS_CD), the end address (HDVMGI_MAT_EA) of the HD video manager information management table, the start address (FP_PGCI_SA) of first play program chain information, the start address 
(HDVMGM_VOBS_SA) of an HDVMGM_VOBS, the start address (TT_SRPT_SA) of the TT_SRPT, the start address (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT_SA) of the HDVMGM_PGCI_UT, the start address (PTL_MAIT_SA) of the PTL_MAIT, the start address (HDVTS_ATRT_SA) of the HDVTS_ATRT, the start address (TXTDT_MG_SA) of the TXTDTJMG, the start address (HDVMGM_C_ADT_SA) of the HDVMGM_C_ADT, the start address (HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP_SA) of the HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP, an HDVMGM video attribute (HDVMGM_V_ATR) , the number (HDVMGM_AST_Ns) of HDVMGM audio streams, an HDVMGM audio stream attribute (HDVMGM_AST_ATR) , the number (HDVMGM_SPST_Ns) of HDVMGM sub-picture, streams, and an HDVMGM sub-picture stream attribute (HDVMGM_SPST_ATR) . In FIG. 4, the HD video manager category
 (HDVMG_CAT) includes RMA#1, RMA#2, RMA#3, RMA#4, RMA#5, RMA#6, RMA#7, and RMA#8 which are determined by dividing the world countries into predetermined regions, and indicate playback availability information in respective regions, and application type indicating the VMG category. Note that application type assumes the following values :
 Application type = 0000b: including only standard VTS = 0001b: including only advanced VTS = 0010b: including both advanced VTS and standard VTS That is, when application type is "0000b", it indicates 
that this information storage medium is the one (content type 1 disc) including only standard VTS; when application type is "0001b", it indicates that this information storage medium is the one (content type 2 disc) including only advanced VTS; and when application type is "0010b", it indicates that this information storage medium is the one (content type 2 disc) including both standard VTS and advanced VTS (to be described in detail later) . FIG. 5 shows an example of the internal structure of title search pointer table (TT_SRPT) 311 shown in FIG. 3. Title search pointer table (TT_SRPT) 311 includes title search pointer table information (TT_SRPTI) 311a, and title search pointer (TT_SRP) information 311b. One or a plurality of pieces of title search pointer (TT_SRP) information 311b in title search pointer table (TT_SRPT) 311 can be set in correspondence with the number of titles included in the HD_DVD-Video content. Title search pointer table information (TT_SRPTI) 311a records common management information of title search pointer table (TT_SRPT) 311: the number (TT_SRP_Ns) information of title search pointers included in title search pointer table (TT_SRPT) 311, and the end address (TT_SRPT_EA) information of title search pointer table (TT_SRPT) 311 in a file (HD_VMG00.HDI in FIG. 2) of the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) area. 
 One title search pointer (TT_SRP) information 311b records various kinds of information associated with a title pointed by this search pointer: a title playback type (TT_PB_TY) , the number (AGLJNIs) of angles, the number (PTT_Ns) of Part_of_Titles (PTT), title
 Parental_ID_Field (TT_PTL_ID_FLD) information, an HDVTS number (HDVTSN), an HDVTS title number (HDVTS_TTN) , and the start address (HDVTS_SA) of this HDVTS.
 FIG. 6 shows an example of the internal structure of HD video manager menu PGCI unit table
 (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT) 312 shown in FIG. 3. HD video manager menu PGCI unit table (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT) 312 records HD video manager menu program chain information unit table information (HDVMGM_PGCI_UTI) 312a that records common management information in HD video manager menu PGCI unit table (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT) 312, HD video manager menu language units (HDVMGM_LU) 312c which are arranged for menu description language codes used to display a menu, and record management information associated with menu information, and the like. Table 312 has information of HD video manager menu language units (HDVMGM_LU) 312c as many as the number of menu description language codes supported by the HD_DVD-Video content. HD video manager menu PGCI unit table (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT). 312 has information of HD video manager menu language unit search pointers (HDVMGM_LU_SRP) 312b, which have the start address information of respective HD video 
manager menu language units (HDVMGM_LU) 312c, as many as the number of HD video manager menu language units (HDVMGM_Lϋ) 312c, so as to 'facilitate access to HD video manager menu language units (HDVMGM^LU) 312c for respective menu description language codes .
 HD video manager menu PGCI unit table information (HDVMGM_PGCI_UTI) 312a has information of the number (HDVMGM_LU_Ns) of HD video manager menu language units, and the end address (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT_EA) of this HD video manager menu PGCI unit table (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT) 312 in a file (HD_VMG00.HDI in FIG. 2) of the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) area.
 Each HD video manager menu language unit search pointer (HDVMGM_LU_SRP) information 312b has not only differential address information (HDVMGM_UT_SA) from the start position of HD video manager menu PGCI unit table (HDVMGM_PGCIJJT) 312 in the file (HD_VMG00.HDI in FIG. 2) of the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) area to the head position of corresponding HD video manager menu language unit (HDVMGM_LU) 312c, but also information of an HD video manager menu language code (HDVMGM_LCD) indicating the menu description language code of corresponding HD video manager menu language unit (HDVMGM_LU) 312c, and information of the. presence/absence (HDVMGM_EXST) of an HD video manager menu indicating if corresponding HD video manager menu' language unit (HDVMGM LU) 312c has a menu screen to be 
displayed for the user as a video object (VOB or EVOB) .
 FIG. 7 shows an example of the detailed data structure in HD video manager menu language unit #n (HDVMGM_LU#n) 312c (FIG. 6) recorded in■ HD video manager menu PGCI unit table (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT) 312 shown in FIG. 3. HD video manager menu language unit (HDVMGM_LU) 312c has the following pieces of information: HD video manager menu language unit information (HDVMGM_LUI) 312cl that records common management information associated with a menu in HD video manager menu language unit (HDVMGM_LU) 312c, HD video manager menu program chain information (HDVMGM_PGCI) 312c3 having a structure shown in FIG. 33, and information 312c2 of HDVMGM_PGCI search pointers (HDVMGM_PGCI_SRP#1 to HDVMGM_PGCI_SRP#n) each indicating a differential address from the head position of HD video manager menu language unit (HDVMGM_LU) 312c to that of each HD video manager menu program chain information (HDVMGM_PGCI) 312c3 in the file (HD_VMG00..HDI in FIG. 2) of the HD video manager information (HDVMGI) area.
 HD video manager menu language unit information (HDVMGM_LUI) 312cl allocated in the first field (group) in HD video manager menu language unit #n (HDVMGM_LU#n) 312c has information associated with the number
 (HDVMGM_PCGI_SRP_Ns) of HDVMGM_PGCI_SRP data, and the end address (HDVMGM LU EA) information of the 
HDVMGM_LU. Each information 312c of HDVMGM_PGCI search pointers (HDVMGM_PGCI_SRP#1 to HDVMGM_PGCI_SRP#n) has start address (HDVMGM_PGCI_SA) information of the HDVMGM_PGCI and HDVMGM_PGC category (HDVMGM_PGC_CAT) information.
 FIG. 8 shows an example of the recording content of the HDVMGM_PGC category (HDVMGM_PGC_CAT) shown in FIG. 7. HDVMGM_PGC category information (HDVMGM__PGC_CAT) in HDVMGM_PGCI search pointer #n (HDVMGM_PGCI_SRP#n) 312c2 records selection information of audio information which is to be simultaneously played back upon displaying an HD content menu in the embodiment of the present invention on the screen, and an audio information selection flag (audio selection information) indicating start/end trigger information of audio information playback. As audio data which is to be simultaneously played back upon displaying the HD content menu in the embodiment of the present invention on the screen, the following audio data can be selected:
 <1> audio data (distributed and recorded in audio packs; not shown) recorded in menu video object area (HDVMGM_VOBS) 32 shown in FIG. 1 (e) , or
 <2> audio data which exist in menu audio object area (HDMENU_AOBS) 33 shown in FIG. l(e) as one or more menu AOB data (HDMENU_A0B) arranged in turn, as shown' in FIG. 19. 
 When the audio information selection flag (Audio Selection information) = "00b" is selected, audio data <1> are played back, and audio playback is interrupted upon switching menus. When the audio information selection flag (audio selection information) = "10b" or "lib" is selected, audio data <2> of menu AOB (HDMENU_AOB) in menu audio object area (HDMENU_AOBS) 33 are played back. Upon playing back audio data <2>, if the audio information selection flag designates "lib", the audio data begin to be played back from the beginning every time the menu screen is changed; if it designates "10b", playback of the audio data continues irrespective of switching of menu screens.
 In the embodiment of the present invention, menu audio object area (HDMENU_AOBS) 33 can store a plurality of types of menu AOB (HDMENϋ_A0B) data, as shown in FIG. 19. An audio selection number (audio number information) shown in FIG. 8 can be used as selection information of menu AOB (HDMENU_AOB) to be simultaneously played back upon displaying the menu display PGC of interest. This audio information number can be used to "select which menu AOB from the top" of those which are allocated as menu AOB selection candidates, as shown in FIG. 19. In addition, the HDVMGNMPGC category
 (HDVMGM_PGC_CAT) information in FIG. 8 can record entry type information used to check if a PGC of interest is 
an entry PGC, menu ID information indicating a menu identification (e.g., a title menu or the like), block mode information, block type information, PTL_ID_FLD information, and the like. FIG. 9 shows an example of the data structure in parental management information table (PTL_MAIT) 313 shown in FIG. 3. As shown in, e.g., FIG. 9, parental management information table 313 includes parental management information table information (PTL_MAITI) 313a, one or more parental management information search pointers (PTL_MAI_SRP#1 to PTL_MAI_SRP#n) 313b, and a plurality of pieces of parental management information, (PTL_MAI#1 to PTL_MAI#n) 313c as many as the number of search pointers . Note that parental management information table information (PTL_MAITI)
 313a records information such as the number (CTY_Ns) of countries, the number (HDVTS_Ns) of HDVTS data, the end address (PTL_MAIT_EA) of the PTL_MAIT, and the like. Each parental management information search pointer (PTL_MAI_SRP) 313b records information such as a country code (CTY_CD) , the start address (PTL_MAI_SA) of the PTL_MAI, and the like.
 FIG. 10 shows an example of the data structure in parental management information (PTL_MAI) 313c shown in FIG. 9. This parental management information (PTL_MAI) 313c has one or more pieces of parental level information (PTL_LVLI) 313cl. Each parental level 
information (PTL_LVLI) 313cl includes information of parental ID field (PTL_ID_FLD_HDVMG) 313cll for HDVMG, and parental ID field (PTL_ID_FLD_HDVTS) 313cl2 for HDVTS. Information of each parental ID field (PTL_ID_FLD_HDVTS) 313cl2 for HDVTS can store parental ID field (PTL_ID_FLD) for PGC selection.
 FIG. 11 shows an example of the data structure of HD video title set attribute information table (HDVTS_ATRT) 314 shown in FIG. 3. As shown in FIG. 11, this HD video title set attribute information table 314 includes: HD video title set attribute table information (HDVTS_ATRTI) 314a having information of the number (HDVTS_Ns) of HDVTS data and the end address (HDVTS_ATRT_EA) of the HDVTS_ATRT; HDVTS video title set attribute search pointers (HDVTS_ATR_SRP) 314b each of which records information of the start address (HDVTS_ATR_SA) of the HDVTS_ATR; and HDVTS video title set attributes (HDVTS_ATR) 314c each having information of the end address (HDVTS_ATRT_EA) of the HDVTS_ATR, HD video title set category (HDVTS_CAT) , and HD video title set attribute information (HDVTS_ATRI) .
 FIG. 12 shows an example of the data structure of text data manager (TXTDT_MG) 315 shown in FIG. 3. As shown in FIG. 12, this text data manager 315 includes text data manager information (TXTDT_MGI) 315a having information of a text data identifier (TXTDT_ID) , the number (TXTDT LU Ns) of TXTDT LU data, and the end 
address (TXTDT_MG_EA) of the text data manager; text data language unit search pointers (TXTDT_LU_SRP) 315b each of which records various kinds of information including a text data language code (TXTDT_LCD) , a character set (CHRS) , and the start address
 (TXTDT_LU_SA) of the TXTDT_Lϋ; and text data language units (TXTDT_LU) 315c.
 FIG. 13 shows an example of the internal data structure of text data language unit (TXTDT_Lϋ) 315c. As shown in FIG. 13, this text data language unit 315c includes various kinds of information: text data language unit information (TXTDT_LUI) 315cl that records the. end address (TXTDT_LU_EA) information of the TXTDT_LU; item text search pointer search pointer (IT_TXT_SRP_SRP_VLM) 315c2 for volume that records the start address (IT_TXT_SRP_SA_VLM) information of the IT_TXT_SRP for volume; item text search pointer search pointers (IT_TXT_SRP_SRP_TT) 315c3 for volume each of which holds the start address (IT_TXT_SRP_SA_TT) information of the IT_TXT_SRP for title; and text data (TXTDT) 315c4.
 FIG. 14 shows an example of the internal data structure of text data (TXTDT) 315c4. As shown in FIG. 14, this text data 315c4 records various, kinds of information: text data information (TXTDTI) 315c41 having information of the number (IT_TXT_SRP_Ns) of IT_TXT_SRP data; item text search pointers (IT_TXT_SRP) 
315c42 each of which records an item text identifier code (IT_TXT_IDCD) and the start address (IT_TXT_SA) information of the IT_TXT; and item text (IT_TXT) data 315c43. FIG. 15 shows an example of the data structure of
 HD video manager menu cell address table (HDVMGM_C_ADT) 316 shown in FIG. 3. As shown in FIG. 15, this HD video manager menu cell address table 316 records various kinds of information: HD video manager menu cell address table information (HDVMGM_C_ADTI) 316a having information of the number (HDVMGM_VOB_Ns) of VOB data in HDVMGM_VOBS and the end address (HDVMGM_C_ADT_EA) of the HDVMGM_C_ADT; and a plurality of pieces of HD video manager menu cell piece information (HDVMGM_CPI) 316b each of which records information of a VOB_ID number (HDVMGM_V0B_IDN) of an HDVMGM_CP, a CeIl-ID number (HDVMGM_C_IDN) of the HDVMGM_CP, the start address (HDVMGM_CP_SA) of the HDVMGM_CP, and the end address (HDVMGM_CP_EA) of the HDVMGM_CP ("CP" of HDVMGM_CP indicates a cell piece) .
 FIG. 16 shows an example of the data structure of HD video manager menu video object unit address map (HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP) 317 shown in FIG. 3. As shown in FIG. 16, this HD video manager menu video object unit address map 317 records various kinds of information: HD video manager menu video object unit address map information (HDVMGM VOBU ADMAPI) 317a having 
information of the end address (HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP_EA) of the HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP; and start addresses (HDVMGM_VOBU_AD#1 to HDVMGM_VOBU_AD#n) 317b of HDVMGM_VOBU data. FIG. 17 shows the management information content for menu audio object (HDMENU_AOB) itself, and shows an example of the internal data structure of HD menu audio object set information table (HDMENU_AOBSIT) 318 shown in FIG. 3 stored in HD video manager information (HDVMGI) area 31 shown in FIG. 1 (e) . As shown in
 FIG. 17, HD menu audio object set information table information (HDMENU_AOBSITI) 318a allocated at the first field, of HD menu audio object set information table 318 stores HDMENU_AOB_Ns as information of the number of AOB data in HDMENU_AOBS, and the end address information (HDMENU_AOBSIT_EA) of the HDMENU_AOBSIT. In the embodiment of the present invention, a plurality of types of menu audio objects (audio data) can be recorded in information storage medium 1. In HD menu audio object set information table 318 shown in FIG. 17, one or more pieces of HD menu audio object information (HDMENϋ_AOBI) 318b are allocated after HD menu audio object set information table information 318a. Each HD menu audio object information (HDMENU_AOBI) 318b indicates management information for each individual menu audio object (audio data) , and includes playback information 
(HDMENU_AOB_PBI) of HDMENU_AOB, attribute information (HDMENU_AOB_ATR) of HDMENU_AOB, the start address information (HDMENU_AOB_SA) of HDMENU_AOB#n (HDMENU_AOB of interest) , and the end address information (HDMENU_AOB_EA) of HDMENU_AOB#n (HDMENU_AOB of interest) .
 FIG. 18 shows an example of the data structure of menu video object area (HDVMGM_VOBS) 32 shown in FIG. 1 (e) , which is stored together in, e.g., file HD_VMG01.HDV (file HD_VMG01.HDV can be stored as a file in the menu group in FIG. 2; not shown) . As shown in FIG. 18, menu screens (video objects) which record an identical menu screen using different menu description language codes are allocated in juxtaposition with this menu video object area 32. In this way, a plurality of menu screens of a plurality of languages, are prepared, and a menu screen can be displayed by arbitrarily selecting one of a plurality of them. For example, when only one Japanese menu VOB is selected, a Japanese menu can be displayed; when only one English menu VOB is selected, an English menu can be displayed. Alternatively, when the display screen is configured to display multi-windows, and the Japanese menu VOB and English menu VOB are selected, the Japanese and English menus can be displayed on the multi-windows.
 FIG. 19 shows an example of the data structure of menu audio object area (HDMENU AOBS) 33 recorded in the 
HD video manager (HDVMG) recording area. In the embodiment of the present invention, a plurality of types of menu audio objects (audio data) can be recorded in information storage medium 1. Each menu audio object (AOB) is recorded at a location in menu audio object area (HDMENU_AOBS) 33 in HD video manager recording area (HDVMG) 30, as shown in, e.g., FIG. 1. This menu audio object area (HDMENU_AOBS) 33 forms one file with, e.g., file name HD_MENUO.HDA (file HD_MENUO.HAD can be a file in the menu group in FIG. 2; not shown) . Respective menu audio objects (AOB) are allocated and recorded in turn in menu audio object area (HDMENU_AOBS) 33 that forms one file with file name HD_MENU0.HAD, as shown in FIG. 19. FIG. 20 shows an example of the data structure of
 HD video title set information (HDVTSI) 41 recorded in each HD video title set (HDVTS#n) recording area. This HD video title set information 41 is recorded together in file HVIOOlOl. IFO and/or HVIAOOOl. IFO shown in, e.g., FIG. 2 (or independent file VTSOOlOO. IFO in the DVD-Video content; not shown) . As shown in FIG. 20, the interior of HD video title set information (HDVTSI) 41 shown in FIG. l(f) is divided into respective fields (management information groups) : HD video title set information management table (HDVTSI_MAT) 410, HD video title set PTT search pointer table (HDVTS_PTT_SRPT) 411, HD video title set program chain information table 
(HDVTS_PGCIT) 412, HD video title set menu PGCI unit able (HDVTSM_PGCI_UT) 413, HD video title set time map table (HDVTS_TMAPT) 414, HD video title set menu cell address table (HDVTSM_C_ADT) 415, HD video title set menu video object unit address map (HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP) 416, HD video title set cell address table (HDVTS_C_ADT) 417, and HD video title set video object unit address map (HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAP) 418.
 HD video title set information management table (HDVTSI_MAT) 410 records management information common to the corresponding video title set. Since this common management information (HDVTSI_MAT) is allocated in the first field (management information group) in HD video title set information (HDVTSI) area 41, the common management information in the video title set can be immediately loaded (before the beginning of object playback) . Hence, the playback control process of the information playback apparatus can be simplified, and the control processing time can be shortened.
 FIG. 21 shows an example of the data structure of the HD video title set information management table (HDVTSI_MAT) recorded in the HD video title set information (HDVTSI) . Management information associated with graphics units included in the HDVTS (Video Title Set according to the embodiment of the present invention) is recorded in HD video title set 
information management table (HDVTSI_MAT) 410 (see FIG. 20), which is allocated in the first field (group) in HD video title set information (HDVTSI) area 41 shown in FIG. l(f) . Detailed management information content are as shown in FIG. 21. That is, information of the number of graphics unit streams and attribute information are separately recorded for a menu screen and title (display picture) in the HDVTS as information of the number (HDVTSM_GUST_Ns) of HDVTSM graphics unit streams, HDVTSM graphics unit stream attribute information (HDVTSM_GUST_ATR) , information of the number (HDVTS_GUST_Ns) of HDVTS graphics unit streams, and HDVTS graphics unit stream attribute table information (HDVTS_GUST_ATRT) . Also, as shown in FIG. 21, HD video title set information management table (HDVTSIJMAT) 410 records various kinds of information: an HD video title set identifier (HDVTS_ID) , the end address (HDVTS_EA) of the HDVTS, the end address (HDVTSI_EA) of the HDVTSI, the version number (VERN) of the HD_DVD-Video standard, an HDVTS category (HDVTS_CAT) , the end address (HDVTSI_MAT_EA) of the HDVTSI_MAT, the start address (HDVTSM_VOBS_SA) of the HDVTSM_VOBS, the start address (HDVTSTT_VOBS_SA) of the HDVTSTT_VOBS, the start address (HDVTS_PTT_SRPT__SA) of the HDVTS_PTT_SRPT, the start address (HDVTS_PGCIT_SA) of the HDVTS_PGCIT, the start address (HDVTSM PGCI UT SA) of the 
HDVTSM_PGCI_UTf the start address (HDVTS_TMAP_SA) of the HDVTS_TMAP, the start address (HDVTSM_C_ADT_SA) of the HDVTSM_C_ADT, the start address
 (HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP_SA) of the HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP, the start address (HDVTS_C_ADT_SA) of the HDVTS_C_ADT, the start address (HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAP_SA) of the HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAP, an HDVTSM video attribute (HDVTSM_V_ATR) , the number (HDVTSM_AST_Ns) of HDVTSM audio streams, an HDVTSM audio stream attribute (HDVTSM_AST_ATR) , the start address (HDVTSM_SPST_Ns) of the number of HDVTSM sub-picture streams, an HDVTSM sub-picture stream attribute (HDVTSM_SPST_ATR) , an HDVTS video. attribute (HDVTS_V_ATR) , the number (HDVTS_AST_Ns) of HDVTS audio streams, an HDVTS audio stream attribute table (HDVTS_AST_ATRT) , the number
 (HDVTS_SPST_Ns) of HDVTS sub-picture streams, an HDVTS sub-picture stream attribute table (HDVTS_SPST_ATRT) , and an HDVTS multi-channel audio stream attribute table (HDVTS_MU_AST_ATRT) . FIG. 22 shows an example of the data structure in
 HD video title set PTT search pointer table (HDVTS_PTT_SRPT) 411 shown in FIG. 19. This HD video title set PTT search pointer table 411 includes various kinds of information: PTT search pointer table information (PTT_SRPTI) 411a having information of the number (HDVTS_TTU_Ns) of HDVTS TTU data and the end address (HDVTS PTT SRPT EA) of the HDVTS PTT SRPT; 
title unit search pointers (TTU_SRP) 411b each of which records information of the start address (TTU_SA) of the TTU; and PTT search pointers (PTT_SRP) 411c having information of a program chain number (PGCN) and program number (PGN) .
 <Allocation of Information that Manages Resume Information>
 FIG. 23 shows an example of the data structure of HD video title set program chain information table (HDVTS_PGCIT) recorded in the HD video title set information (HDVTSI) . In the embodiment of the present invention, as shown in FIG. 23, an HDVTS_PGC category in HDVTS_PG,CI search pointer 412b stores an update permission flag of resume information (RSM permission flag) . Information of HDVTS_PGCI search pointer 412b is allocated in HD video title set program chain information table (HDVTS_PGCIT) 412 (FIG. 20) stored in HD video title set information (HDVTSI) area 41 shown in FIG. l(f) . In addition, as shown in FIG. 23, HD video title set program chain information table
 (HDVTS_PGCIT) 412 also records information of HD video title set PGCI information table (HDVTS_PGCITI) 412a including information of the number (HDVTS_PGCI_SRP_Ns) of HDVTS_PGCI_SRP data and the end address (HDVTS_PGCIT_EA) of the HDVTS_PGCIT. Also, HDVTS_PGCI search pointer (HDVTS_PGCI_SRP) 412b records information of the start address (HDVTS PGCI SA) of the 
HDVTS_PGCI together with the aforementioned HDVTS_PGC category (HDVTS_PGC_CAT) .
 FIG. 24 shows an example of the recording content of the HDVTS_PGC category (HDVTS_PGC_CAT) . The update permission flag of resume information (RSM permission Flag) shown in FIG. 24 designates whether or not the content of resume information are to be updated after playback of the HDVTS_PGC of interest starts (whether or not resume information is updated as needed in correspondence with the playback state of the PGC of interest) . That is, the following process is made in correspondence with the flag:
 When RSM permission flag = "Ob", resume information is updated, or when RSM permission flag = "Ib", resume information is not updated, and playback. resume information is held in the HDVTS_PGC (program chain in the video title set according to the embodiment of the present invention) played back previously. In addition, the HDVTS_PGC category (HDVTS_PGC_CAT) can record entry type information used to check if a PGC of interest is an entry PGC, title number information in a VTS (video title set) indicated by the corresponding PGC, block mode information, block type information, PTL_ID_FLD information, and the like.
 FIG. 25 shows an example of the data structure in HD video title set menu PGCI unit table 
(HDVTSM_PGCI_UT) 413 shown in FIG. 20. This HD video title set menu PGCI unit table 413 includes various kinds of information: HD video title set menu program chain information unit table information (HDVTSM_PGCI_UTI) 413a having information of the number (HDVTSM_Lϋ_Ns) of HD video title set menu language units and the end address (HDVTSM_PGCI_UT_EA) of the HDVTSM_PGCI_UT; HD video title set menu language unit search pointers (HDVTSM_LU_SRP) 413b each of which records information of an HD video title set menu language code (HDVTSM_LCD) , the presence/absence (HDVTSM_EXST) of a HD video title set menu, and the start address (HDVTSM_LU_SA) of the HDVTSM_LU; and HD video title set menu language units (HDVTSM_LU) 413c. FIG. 26 shows an example of the data structure in HD video title set menu language unit (HDVTSM_LU) 413c. As shown in FIG. 26, this HD video title set menu language unit 413c includes: HD video title set menu language unit information (HDVTSM_LUI) 413cl having information of the number (HDVTSM_PGCI_SRP_Ns) of
 HDVTSM_PGCI_SRP data and the end address (HDVTSM_LU_EA) of the HDVTSM_Lϋ; a plurality of pieces of HD video title set menu program chain information (HDVTSM_PGCI) 413c3 having the same data structure as in FIG. 33; and HDVTSM_PGCI search pointers (HDVTSM_PGCI_SRP) 413c2 each of which records information of the HDVTSM_PGC category (HDVTSM PGC CAT) and the start address 
(HDVTSM_PGCI_SA) of the HDVTSM_PGCI .
 As the setting location of information that refers to (designates) the menu AOB (HDMENU_AOB) , in the embodiment of the present invention, as for a menu for each HDVTS, that information is allocated in the
 HDVTSM_PGC category information (HDVTSM_PGC_CAT) in HDVTSM_PGCI search pointer #n (HDVTSM_PGCI_SRP#n) 413c2, as shown in FIG. 26.
 FIG. 27 shows an example of the recording content of the HDVTSM_PGC category (HDVTSM_PGC_CAT) . AOB Number information in the HDVTSM_PGC category information (HDVTSM_PGC_CAT) shown in FIG. 27 means AOB number information (AOB Number) which designates AOB number #n (indicating which AOB of menu AOB (HDMENU_AOB) data which are arranged, as shown in FIG. 19 corresponds to) to be played back in HDMENU_AOBU. Also, audio selection information means selection information of audio information which is to be simultaneously played back upon displaying an HD content menu in the embodiment of the present invention on the screen, and an audio information selection flag (audio selection information) indicating start/end trigger information of audio information playback.
 When the audio information selection flag (Audio Selection information) = "00b" is selected, audio data recorded in respective menu video objects are played back, and audio playback is interrupted upon switching 
 menus. When the audio information selection flag (Audio Selection information) = "10b" or "lib" is selected, audio data of menu AOB (HDMENU_AOB) data • stored in menu audio object area (HDMENU_AOBS) 33 are played back. Upon playing back the menu audio data
 (AOB) , if the audio information selection flag = "lib" is designated, the audio data begin to be played back from the beginning every time the menu screen is changed; if "10b" is designated, playback of the audio data continues irrespective of switching of menu screens. In the embodiment of the present invention, menu audio object area (HDMENU_AOBS) 33 can store a plurality of types of menu AOB (HDMENU_AOB) data, as shown in FIG. 19. Audio number information shown in FIG. 27 indicates selection information of menu AOB (HDMENU_AOB) data to be simultaneously played back upon displaying the menu display PGC of interest. This Audio Number information as the selection information of menu AOB data is used to "select which menu AOB from the top" of those which are allocated in FIG. 19 using number information. Also, the HDVTSM_PGC category (HDVTSM_PGC_CAT) records entry type information used to check if a PGC of interest is an entry PGC, menu ID information indicating a menu identification (e.g., a title menu or the like) , block mode information, block type information, PTL_ID_FLD information, and the like. 
 FIG. 28 shows an example of the data structure in HD video title set time map table (HDVTS_TMAPT) 414 shown in FIG. 20. This HD video title set time map table 414 includes various kinds of information: HD video title set time map table information
 (HDVTS_TMAPTI) 414a that describes information of the number (HDVTS_TMAP_Ns) of HDVTS_TMAP data and the end address (HDVTS_TMAPT_EA) of the HDVTS_TMAPT; HD video title set time map search pointer (HDVTS_TMAP_SRP) 414b having information of the start address (HDVTS_TMAP_SA) of the HDVTS_TMAP; and HD video title set time maps (HDVTS_TMAP) 414c each of which records information of the length (TMU) of a time unit (sec) as a reference in a map entry, the number (MAP_EN_Ns) of map entries, and a map entry table (MAP_ENT) .
 FIG. 29 shows an example of the data structure in HD video title set menu cell address table (HDVTSM_C_ADT) 415 shown in FIG. 20. As shown in FIG. 29, this HD video title set menu cell address table 415 includes various kinds of information: HD video title set menu cell address table information (HDVTSM_C_ADTI) 415a having information of the number (HDVTSM_VOB_Ns) of VOB data in an HDVTM_VOBS and the end address (HDVTSM_C_ADT_EA) of the HDVTSM_C_ADT; and a plurality of pieces of HD video title set menu cell piece information (HDVTSM_CPI) 415b each of which records information of a VOB ID number (HDVTSM VOB IDN) 
of an HDVTSM_CP, a Cell_ID number (HDVTSM_C_IDN) of the HDVTSM_CP, the start address (HDVTSM_CP_SA) of the HDVTSM_CP, and the end address (HDVTSM_CP_EA) of the HDVTSM_CP. FIG. 30 shows an example of the data structure of
 HD video title set menu video object unit address map (HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP) 416 shown in FIG. 20. As shown in FIG. 30, this HD video title set menu video object unit address map 416 includes: HD video title set menu video object unit address map information
 (HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAPI) 416a that describes the information of the end address (HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP_EA) of the HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP, and information of HD video title set menu video object unit addresses (HDVTSM_V0BU_AD) 416b each having information of the start address (HDVTSM_VOBU_SA) of an HDVTSM_VOBU.
 FIG. 31 shows an example of the data structure in HD video title set cell address table (HDVTS_C_ADT) 417 shown in FIG. 20. As shown in FIG. 31, this HD video title set cell address table 417 includes various kinds of information: HD video title set cell address table information (HDVTS_C_ADTI) 417a having the information of the number (HDVTS_VOB_Ns) of VOB data in an HDVTS_VOBS and the end address (HDVTS_C_ADT_EA) of the HDVTS_C_ADT; and a plurality of pieces of HD video title set cell piece information (HDVTS_CPI) 417b each including a VOB_ID number (HDVTS_VOB_IDN) of an 
HDVTS_CP, a Cell_ID number (HDVTS_C__IDN) of the HDVTS_CP, the start address (HDVTS_CP_SA) of the HDVTS_CP, and the end address (HDVTS_CP_EA) of the HDVTS_CP. FIG. 32 shows an example of the data structure in
 HD video title set video object unit address map (HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAP) 418 shown in FIG. 20. As shown in FIG. 32, this HD video title set video object unit address map 418 includes various kinds of information: HD video title set video object unit address map information (HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAPI) 418a having information of the end address (HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAP_EA) of the HDVTS_VOBϋ_ADMAP; and HD video title set video object unit addresses (HDVTS_VOBU_AD) 418b each of which records information of the start address (HDVTS_VOBU_SA) of each HDVTS_VOBU.
 FIG. 33 shows an example of the data structure of program chain general information (PGC_GI) included in program chain information (PGCI: corresponding to one of HDVTS_PGCI in, e.g., FIG. 23), and the recording content of a PGC graphics unit stream control table (PGC_GUST_CTLT) and resume/audio category (RSM&AOB_CAT) stored in this PGCI.
 The information of the update permission flag of resume information (RSM permission flag) and audio information selection flag (audio selection information) /audio information number (audio number 
information) as some of characteristic features according to the embodiment of the present invention are stored in PGCI search pointer information in the existing example (see FIGS. 26, 27, etc.). However, the present invention is not limited to this. For example, the PGCI itself can store the update permission flag information of resume information and audio information selection flag/audio information number. This example is FIG. 33. The PGCI information shown in FIG. 33 corresponds to: a] HD video manager menu program chain information (HDVMGM_PGCI) 312c3 which is shown in FIG. 7 in association with each HD video manager menu language unit (HDVMGM_Lϋ) 312c in FIG. 6 stored in HD video manager menu PGCI unit table (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT) 312 (FIG. 3) in HD video manager information. (HDVMGI) area 31 in FIG. 1 (e) ; b] HD video title set menu program chain information (HDVTSM_PGCI) 413c3 shown in FIG. 26 which is allocated in each HD video title set menu language unit (HDVTSM_LU) 413c in FIG. 25 in HD video title set menu PGCI unit table (HDVTSM_PGCIJJT) 413 in FIG. 20 that shows the data structure in HD video title set information (HDVTSI) area 41 in FIG. l(f); and c] HDVTS_PGCI 412c (FIG. 23) in HD video title set program chain information table (HDVTS_PGCIT) 412 in FIG. 20 that shows the data structure in HD video 
title set information (HDVTSI) area 41 in FIG. l(f) (the PGCI information shown in FIG. 33 can be allocated in one of the above three locations (a) to (c) ) .
 As shown in FIG. 33, the program chain information (PGCI) includes five fields (five management information groups), i.e., program chain general information (PGC_GI) 50, program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) 51, program chain program map (PGC_PGMAP) 52, cell playback information table (C_PBIT) 53, and cell position information table (C_POSIT) 54. As shown in FIG. 33, RSM & AOB category information (RSM&AOB_CAT) is recorded at the end of program chain general information (PGC_GI) 50 allocated in the first field (management information group) in the PGCI. The RSM & AOB category information
 (RSM&AOB_CAT) stores the update permission flag of resume information (RSM permission information) , audio information selection flag (audio selection information) and audio information number (audio number information) . This RSM permission information have the same meaning as the content described using FIG. 24. Also, the content of the audio information selection flag or audio information number match those described using FIG. 8 or 27. Furthermore, the RSM & AOB category information (RSM&AOB_CAT) records entry type information used to check if a PGC of interest is an entry PGC, block mode information, block type 
information, and PTL_ID_FLD information.
 Information in the PGC graphics unit stream control table (PGC_GUST_CTLT) that records control information associated with graphics unit streams allocated in the PGC is independently recorded in each of a PGC_GUST_CTL (PGC_GUST#0) field of HD graphics unit stream #0, a PGC_GUST_CTL (PGC_GUST#1) field of SD wide graphics unit stream #1, a PGC_GUST_CTL (PGC_GUST#2) field of 4 : 3 (SD) graphics unit stream #2, and a PGC_GUST_CTL (PGC_GUST#3) field of letterbox (SD) graphics unit stream #3 as independent fields in correspondence with four different types of pictures (an HD picture at 16 : 0, SD picture at 16 : 9, SD picture at 4 : 3, and SD picture at letterbox) , as shown in FIG. 33.
 In addition to the aforementioned information, program chain general information (PGC_GI) 50 records various kinds of information including PGC content (PGC_CNT), a PGC playback time (PGC_PB_TM), PGC user operation control (PGC_UOP_CTL) , a PGC audio stream control table (PGC_AST_CTLT) , a PGC sub-picture stream control table (PGC_SPST_CTLT) , PGC navigation control (PGC_NV_CTL) , a PGC sub-picture palette (PGC_SP_PLT) , the start address (PGC_CMDT_SA) of the PGC_CMDT, the start address (PGC_PGMAP_SA) of the PGC_PGMAP, the start address (C_PBIT_SA) of the C_PBIT, and the start address (C POSIT SA) of the C POSIT. 
 FIG. 34 shows an example of the program chain command table (PGCI_CMDT) included in the program chain information (PGCI) . As shown in FIG. 34, a plurality of pieces of command information to be applied to each PGC are allocated together on program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) 51. The allocation of this PGCI information can be one of the three locations (a) to (c) , as described using FIG. 33. A resume (RSM) command sequence (or resume sequence) is recorded in program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) 51, as shown in FIG. 34. The information content of the resume sequence (resume command sequence) in the embodiment of the present, invention is described in a format in which RSM commands (RSM_CMD) 514 are allocated in juxtaposition with the field of command table 51. One RSM command (RSM_CMD) 514 described in one column in FIG. 34 means one command that can be designated in the HD_DVD-Video content in the present invention, and RSM commands (RSM_CMD) 514 allocated in the resume (RSM) command sequence field are successively (sequentially) executed in turn from the top.
 In the embodiment of the present invention, a sequence of cell commands (C_CMD) 513 in FIG. 34 also means a sequential command sequence. That is, command processes are sequentially executed in turn from the top in accordance with the arrangement order of cell commands (C CMD) 513 shown in FIG. 34. As will be 
additionally described with reference to FIG. 37, a structure that can designate some of cell command processing sequences for each cell (the first cell command number at which the sequential process of cell command is to start, and the execution range of the sequential process of cell commands for each cell) in a series of cell command processing sequences designated from cell command #1 (C_CMD#1) to cell command #k (C_CMD#k) is adopted. Referring to FIG. 34, RSM command (RSM_CMD) 514 indicates a part of a command sequence which is executed "immediately before playback from the middle of a PGC" whose playback was interrupted previously after the control returns from, e.g., a menu screen to the PGC of interest. On the other hand, pre-command (PRE_CMD) 511 means a command executed "immediately before the PGC of interest is to be played back from the beginning". Also, a command to be executed after playback of the PGC of interest is post command (POST_CMD) 512. The number of pre-commands (PRE_CMD)
 511, that of post commands (POST_CMD) 512, that of cell commands (C_CMD) 513, and that of RSM commands (RSM_CMD) 514 that can be allocated in one program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) 51 in FIG. 34 can be freely set (any of the numbers of commands to be described may be "0") . In the embodiment of the present invention, the upper limit of a total value 
obtained by adding the number of pre-commands (PRE_CMD) 511, that of post commands (POST_CMD) 512, that of cell commands (C_CMD) 513, and that of RSM commands (RSM_CMD) 514 that can be allocated in one program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) 51 is specified to be 1023. Therefore, when all of the number of pre- commands (PRE_CMD) 511, that of post commands (POST_CMD) 512, and that of RSM commands (RSM__CMD) 514 are "0", a maximum of 1023 cell commands (C_CMD) 513 can be set.
 FIG. 35 shows an example of the content of program chain command table information (PGC_CMDTI) and those of each resume command (RSM_CMD) included in the program chain command table (PGCI_CMDT) . As shown in FIG. 35, program chain command table information (PGC_CMDTI) 510 records PRE_CMD_Ns as information indicating the number of pre-commands (PRE_CMD) 511, POST_CMD_Ns as information indicating the number of post commands (POST_CMD) 512, C_CMD_Ns as information indicating the number of cell commands (C_CMD) 513, and RSM__CMD_Ns as information indicating the number of RSM commands (RSM_CMD) 514, which can be allocated in one program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) 51.
 A detailed data structure in RSM command. (RSM_CMD) 514 recorded in program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) ■ 51 will be described below. The detailed data structure in RSM command (RSM CMD) 514 will be 
described in this paragraph, but the data structures in pre-coiranand (PRE_CMD) 511, post command (POST_CMD) 512, and cell command (C_CMD) 5i3 are the same as the detailed data structure in RSM command (RSM_CMD) 514. In the detailed data structure in RSM command (RSM_CMD) 514, an "8-byte" field is merely assigned to each command, as shown in FIG. 35. In this "8-byte" field, any of command content that will be additionally explained with reference to FIG. 43 are selected and recorded. This command stores "command ID-I" data shown in FIG. 42 in its MSB to the third bit in 8 bytes. The data content of the following bits are different depending on the value of "command type" shown in FIG. 42, but they commonly have information of "comparison I-flag", "compare field", and the like shown in FIG. 42 independently of the command type.
 FIG. 36 shows an example of the data structures in program chain program map (PGC_PGMAP) 52 and cell position information table (C_POSIT) 54 allocated in the program chain information (PGCI) . In program chain program map (PGC_PGMAP) 52, a plurality of pieces of program entry cell number 520 information that record entry cell numbers (EN_CN) indicating the cell numbers corresponding to entries are allocated in correspondence with the number of entries. Cell position information table (C_POSIT) 54 has a structure in which a plurality of pieces of cell position 
information (C_POSI) 540 each including a pair of a cell VOB_ID number (C_VOB_IDN) and cell ID number (C_IDN) are allocated in turn.
 In the description of FIG. 34, the structure that can designate some of cell command processing sequences for each cell (the first cell command number at which the sequential process of cell command is to start, and the execution range of the sequential process of cell commands for each cell) in a series of cell command processing sequences designated from cell command #1 (C_CMD#1) to cell command #k (C_CMD#k) is adopted. FIG. 37 shows execution range information of the sequential process of cell commands which can be set for each cell. As has been explained in FIG. 33, the PGCI information can be allocated at the three locations (a) to (c) . Management information associated with individual cells that form a PGC is recorded in cell playback information (C_PBI) 530 in cell playback information table (C_PBIT) 53 in the PGCI as the management information of the PGC of interest, as shown in FIG. 37.
 Information associated with the first cell command number, at which the sequential process of cell command is to start, designated for each cell in a series of cell command processing sequences designated from cell command #1 (C_CMD#1) to cell command #k (C_CMD#k) is recorded in cell command start number information 
(C_CMD_SN) in cell playback information (C_PBI) 530, as shown in FIG. 37. At the same time, cell command continuous number information (C_CMD_C_Ns) indicating the number of commands, the command processes of which are to be continuously executed as well as cell command (C_CMD) 513 designated by the cell command start number information (C_CMD_SN) is recorded in cell playback information (C_PBI) 530. Based on these two pieces of information, the execution range of the sequential process of cell command to be executed by the cell of interest is designated. In the embodiment of the present invention, after completion of playback of the cell of interest, a command sequence of the range designated by the cell command start number information (C_CMD_SN) and cell command continuous number information (C_CMD_C_Ns) in FIG. 37 can be executed.
 FIG. 37 shows an example of the data structure of the cell playback information table (C_PBIT) included in the program chain information (PGCI) . Referring to FIG. 37, cell playback information (C_PBI) can store the following information: a cell category (C_CAT) indicating if a cell of interest corresponds to the start or last cell of an interleaved block when the cell of interest forms an interleaved block corresponding to multi-angle playback, a part of a general continuous block, or a part of an interleaved ' block corresponding to multi-angle playback; a cell 
 playback time (C_PBTM) indicating a playback time required to play back the entire cell of interest; the start address position information (C_FVOBU_SA) of the first VOBU of the cell; the end address position ■ information (C_FILVU_EA) of the first ILVU of the cell; the start address position information (C_LVOBU_SA) of the last VOBU of the cell; the end address position information (C_LVOBU_EA) of the last VOBU of the cell, and the like. FIG. 38 is a block diagram for explaining an example of the internal structure of a playback apparatus of the disc-shaped information storage medium (optical disc, etc.) according to the embodiment of the present invention. Referring to FIG. 38, information storage medium 1 records HD_DVD-Video content according to the embodiment of the present invention. Disc drive unit 1010 plays back the HD_DVD-Video content from this information storage medium 1, and transfers them to data processor unit 1020. A Video Object (VOB) as picture data in the HD_DVD-Video content includes a group of Video Object Unit (VOBU) data as a basic unit shown in FIG. 44 (c) , and navi pack a3 is allocated at the head in each VOBU. Video data, audio data, and sub-picture data are respectively distributed and allocated in video packs a4, audio packs aβ, and sub- picture (SP) packs a7, thus forming a multiplexed structure. 
 The embodiment of the present invention newly have graphics unit data, which is distributed and recorded in graphics unit (GU) packs a5. Demultiplexer 1030 in FIG. 38 demultiplexes a VOB formed by multiplexing these kinds of data into packets. Demultiplexer 1030 transfers video data recorded in video packs a4 to video decoder unit 1110, sub-picture data recorded in sub-picture packs a7 to sub-picture decoder unit 1120, graphics data recorded in graphics unit packs a5 to graphics decoder unit 1130, and audio data recorded in audio packs a6 to audio decoder unit 1140. Respective kinds of incoming data are decoded by decoder units 1110 to 1140, and are combined as needed in video processor unit 1040. Then, the combined data is converted into an analog signal via digital-to-analog converters 1320 and 1330, and the analog, signal is output. MPU unit 1210 systematically manages a series of these processes, and temporarily stores data, which is required to be temporarily saved during processing, in memory unit 1220. ROM unit 1230 records processing programs to be processed by MPU unit 1210 and permanent data set in advance. In FIG. 38, information which is input from the user to the information playback apparatus is input via key inputs at key input unit 1310. However, the present invention is not limited to this, and key input unit 1310 may comprise a general remote controller. 
 FIG. 39 is a block diagram for explaining the internal structure of graphics decoder unit 1130 shown in FIG. 38 in detail. Graphics unit data demultiplexed and extracted by demultiplexer 1030 is temporarily ■ saved in graphics unit input buffer 1130a. The graphics unit data includes highlight information and graphics data and/or mask data, as will be described later with reference to FIG. 45. This highlight information is transferred to highlight decoder 1130b, and is decoded. The graphics data and mask data are decoded to 256-color screen information in graphics decoder 113Oe.
 Furthermore, after selection of color palettes and a highlight process (e.g., a process for changing a part of graphics data to be highlighted to a striking color) are applied to the decoded graphics data and/or mask data as needed, the graphics data and/or mask data are/is mixed with the decoded highlight data (e.g., picture data which has emphasized frame pixels at positions to be highlighted, and transparent pixels at other positions) by mixer 113Od, and the decoded graphics data and/or mask data modified by the highlight data as needed are/is sent to mixer 1140a. This mixer 1140a mixes the decoded graphics data and/or mask data with video data from video decoder unit 1110 and sub-picture data from sub-picture decoder unit 1120, thus forming a video output. Note that mixer 
1140a in FIG. 39 is included in video processor unit 1040 in FIG. 38.
 In the arrangement shown in FIG. 39, the decoded output of highlight decoder 1130b may control palette selector 113Og and/or highlight processor 113Oh, so that the highlight modification may be directly applied to the decoded output of graphics decoder 113Oe (in this case, mixer 113Od can be omitted) .
 FIG. 40 is a view for explaining the concept of imaginary video access unit (IVAU) . An IVAU according to the embodiment of the present invention will be described below using FIG. 40. Each VOB of a movie in the conventional SD DVD-Video content is divided into Video Access Unit (VAU) data, as shown in FIG. 40 (a) . By matching the boundary position of neighboring VOB data with that of neighboring VAU data, .seamless playback between different VOB data can be attained.
 In the HD_DVD-Video according to the embodiment of the present invention, as shown in FIG. 40 (b), "imaginary access units" IVAU2 'to IVAUn (imaginary video access units 2 to n) are set in a period between VAUl which includes I-picture that records a still picture, and VAUl including I-picture that records a next still picture to be displayed. This is .a characteristic feature of this invention. As the setting method of access units, an interval between (VAUl including) I-picture from which a still picture 
starts and (VAUl including) the next I-picture is imaginarily finely time-divided for respective periods of access units using as a unit the video frame time or a time in an integer multiple of the video frame. A Decoding Time Stamp (DTS) indicating the input timing of a still picture to the decoder, and a Presentation Time Stamp (PTS) indicating the display timing of a still picture are set in advance for each still picture. Since one video frame period is determined in National Television System Committee (NTSC) and Phase Alternation by Line (PAL) , the timing of a boundary position of the "imaginary access units" is calculated, and the calculated timing is set as an imaginary PTS, as shown in FIG. 40 (c) . Then, it can be (imaginarily) considered as if a still picture is repetitively played back and displayed for respective virtual access units.
 In the embodiment of the present invention, as shown in FIG. 40 (d) , one VOBU is formed of an integer number of "virtual access units". As a result, in the embodiment of the present invention, a VOBU display time of each still picture becomes an integer multiple of a video frame. In FIG. 40 (c), a VAU (Video Access Unit) includes one I-picture indicating a still picture, but an IVAU does not include any I-picture. Hence, no video data is included in the IVAU. That is, each of a VOBU formed by VAUl to IVAU15 and that formed by VAUlβ to IVAU30 includes only one I-picture. By 
 contrast, a VOBU formed by IVAU30 to IVAU45 does not include any video data (I-picture) .
 Note that the embodiment of the present invention allows to define a VOBU having no video data. Also, • the embodiment of the present invention inhibits one VOBU from having a plurality of I-picture data, and limits (constrains) so that one VOBU has one or less (including zero) I-picture. As can be seen from comparison of the positions in (c) and (d) of FIG. 40, one VOBU adopts a structure in which a VAU is
 (imaginarily) allocated ahead of an IVAU. As shown in FIG. 40 (e), the first VOBU in an Interleaved Unit (ILVU) always has video data (I-picture that records a still picture) . FIG. 41 is a view for explaining a practical example of system parameters used in the. embodiment of the present invention. In the system block diagram in the information playback apparatus shown in FIG. 38, memory unit 1220 is assigned fields for storing system parameters "0" to "23" shown in FIG. 41. Current menu language code information during playback (a language code that can be changed/set by the user and/or a command) is recorded in "SPRMO", and initial menu language code information (a setting language code of the playback apparatus which can be changed/set by only the user) is recorded in "SPRM21". Other kinds of information to be stored in other system parameters 
are: audio stream number (ASTN) for TTJDOM in SPRM(I) ; sub-picture stream number (SPSTN) and on/off flag for TT_DOM in SPRM (2); angle number (AGLN) for TT_DOM in SPRM(3); title number (TTN) for TT_DOM in SPRM(4); VTS title number (VTS_TTN) for TT_D0M in SPRM(5); title PGC number (TT_PGCN) for TT_DOM in SPRM(6); Part_of_Title number (PTTN) for One_Sequential_PGC_Title in SPRM(7); Highlighted Button number (HL_BTNN) for Selection state in SPRM(8); Navigation Timer (NV_TMR) in SPRM(9); TT_PGCN for NV_TMR in SPRM(IO); Player Audio Mixing Mode (P_AMXMD) for Karaoke in SPRM(Il); Country (or Region) Code (CTY_CD) for Parental Management in SPRM(12); Parental Level (PTL_LVL) in SPRM(13); Player Configuration (P_CFG) for Video in SPRM(14); P_CFG for Audio in SPRM(15) ; Initial Language Code (INI_LCD) for AST in SPRM(lβ); Initial Language Code extension (INI_LCD_EXT) for AST in SPRM(17); INI_LCD for SPST in SPRM(18); INI_LCD_EXT for SPST in SPRM(19); and Player Region Code in SPRM(20) . FIG. 42 shows an example of a list of commands used in the embodiment of the present invention. Commands with command ID-I = "000" to "110" are the same as those used in the conventional DVD-Video, but a command "Call INTENG" with command ID-I = "111" is the one which is newly introduced in the embodiment of the present invention and uses an interactive engine.
 FIG. 43 shows an example of a command list used in 
the HD_DVD-Video content in the embodiment of the present invention. "Compare Field" shown in FIG. 43 (a) is used to compare a value in a navigation parameter with a specific value specified by an operand of a command. If this comparison result is true, a subsequent instruction is executed; if it is false, a subsequent instruction is skipped. This instruction is used in combination with other instruction groups. In FIG. 43 (a), EQ means Equal; NE, Not Equal; GE, Greater than or equal to; GT, Greater than; LE, Less than or equal to; LT, Less than; and BC, Bitwise Compare.
 "Go To Option" in "Branch Field" shown in FIG. 43 (b) is used to change the execution order of navigation commands in a pre-command area or post command area, or a resume command area or cell command area. In FIG. 43 (b), GoTo means transition to another navigation command, and Break means the end of execution of a navigation command in the pre-command area or post command area, or the resume command area or cell command area. Also, SetTmpPML means confirmation of a temporal change in parental level, a change in parental level, and transition to a specific navigation command if possible.
 "Link Option" in "Branch Field" shown in. FIG. 43 (c) is used to start playback specified in one domain. In FIG. 43 (c) , LinkPGCN means the start of playback of a PGC of interest by directly designating a 
program chain number (PGCN) . LinkPTTN means the start of playback of a PTT of interest (or a chapter of interest) by directly designating a part_of_title number (PTTN) . LinkPGN means the start of playback of a PG of interest by directly designating a program number (PGN) . LinkCN means the start of playback of a cell of interest by directly designating a cell number (CN) .
 "Jump Option" in "Branch Field" shown in FIG. 43 (d) is used to start specific playback after space movement. In FIG. 43 (d) , Exit means the end of playback. JumpTT means title playback start (when title number TTN is used) . JumpVTS_TT means title playback start in a single VTS. CaIlSS means PGC playback start in a system space that stores resume information. JumpSS means playback start of a part_of_title included in a specific title in a single VTS. CaIlINTENG represents transfer of the control from a DVD-Video playback engine to an interactive engine (details are shown in FIG. 83) .
 "SetSystem Field" shown in FIG. 43 (e) is used to set a system parameter value, and a mode and value of a general parameter. In FIG. 43 (e) , SetSTN means setting of a stream number (parameters to be set are .SPRM(I), SPRM(2), and SPRM(3)) . SetNVTMR means condition setting of the navigation timer (parameters to be set are SPRM(9) and SPRM(IO)) . SetHL BTNN means setting of 
the highlighted button number for a selection state (a parameter to be set is SPRM(8)). SetAMXMD means setting of an audio mixing mode of the playback apparatus for Karaoke (a parameter to be set is SPRM(Il)). SetGPRMMD means setting of modes and values of general parameters (parameters to be set are GPRM(O) and GPRM(15)). SetM_LCD means setting of a menu description language code (a parameter to be set is SPRM(O)). SetRSMI means updating of resume information (parameters to be set are a CN, NV_PCK address, PGC control state, VTSN (Video Title Set Number), SPRM(4), SPRM(5), SPRM(β), SPRM(7), and SPRM(8)).
 "Set Field" shown in FIG. 43 (f) is used to execute a calculation on the basis of a specific value specified by an operand and a general parameter. The calculation includes the following two types:
 1) Arithmetic operation
 2) Bitwise operation
 The calculation result is re-stored as a general parameter. In FIG. 43 (f), Exp means an exponential calculation; Div, division; and Add, addition.
 FIG. 44 shows the allocation of graphics units GU in a video object. The HD_DVD-Video content used in the embodiment of the present invention comply with the multiplexing rule of the MPEG system layer. That is, graphics unit data is segmented into every 2048-byte packs, and these packs are separately allocated. Upon 
 71
 playback, graphics unit (GU) packs which are distributed and allocated in information storage medium 1 are collected to re-form a single graphics unit stream, as shown in (c) and (d) of FIG. 44. Graphics units can support graphics data corresponding to an HD picture at 16 : 9, SD picture at 16 : 9, SD picture at 4 : 3, and SD picture at letter box, and independent streams are formed in correspondence with the four types of pictures (HD picture at 16 : 9, SD picture at 16 : 9, SD picture at 4 : 3, and SD picture at letter box), as shown in FIG. 44 (d) .
 FIG. 45 shows an example of the data structure in a graphics unit. As shown in FIG. 45, the data structure in the graphics unit includes header information bl, highlight information b2, mask data b3, and graphics data b4. Highlight information b2 includes general information b21, color palette information b22, and button information b23.
 FIG. 46 shows an example of the header information content and general information content in the graphics unit. As shown in FIG. 46, the content of the header information include graphics unit size (GU_SZ) information, the start address (HLI_SA) information of the highlight information, and the start address (GD_SA) information of the graphics data. Of these content, the graphics unit size (GU_SZ) information indicates the overall size of the graphics unit shown 
 at the lower left position in FIG. 45. The start address (HLI_SA) information of the highlight information means an address to the start position of highlight information b2 with reference to the head ■ position (that of header information bl) of the graphics unit shown at the lower left position in FIG. 45. Also, the start address (GD_SA) information of the graphics data means an address to the head position of graphics data b4 with reference to the head position (that of header information bl) of the graphics unit shown at the lower left position in FIG. 45.
 Referring to FIG. 45, general information b21 in highlight information b2 has graphics unit playback end time (GU_PB_E_PTM) information, button offset number (BTN_OFN) information, information of the number (BTN_Ns) of buttons, information of the number (NSL_BTN_Ns) of numeral selection buttons, forced selection button number (FOSL_BTNN) information, forced determination button number (FOAC_BTNN) information, and the like. The graphics unit area is distributed and allocated as graphics unit (GU) packs, as described above using FIG. 44. This graphics unit pack (strictly speaking, a packet header in a graphics unit packet included in that pack) records in advance PTS
 (Presentation Time Stamp) information at which playback of the graphics unit starts. Using this PTS 
 information and the graphics unit playback end time (GU_PB_E_PTM) information, a graphics unit display time and effective time that allows execution (of a command) (both the start/end times completely match) are set. ■ Since the start/end time information uses a PTS/PTM, the time range can be set with a very high precision.
 FIG. 47 is a view for explaining an image example of mask data and graphics data in the graphics unit. As the graphics data, as shown in FIG. 47, picture information (bitmap data or compressed data of that bitmap) for one screen which allows 256-color expression by assigning 8 bits per pixel is recorded. The mask data indicates a position range on the screen where the user can designate command execution, and sets only a screen region by assigning 1 bit per pixel. Since the mask data designates a region in the bitmap format using pixels, not only a plurality of regions located at positions separate from each other can be simultaneously set by masking, but also an arbitrary shaped region can be finely set as a masking screen region using pixels, as shown in FIG. 47. This is also a characteristic feature of this embodiment. A plurality of mask data can be set, and a plurality of menu choices to the user can be supplied (FIG. 47 exemplifies three user's choices) .
 FIG. 48 shows an example of video composition including mask patterns. A screen to be presented to 
the user can be generated by compositing main picture (A) recorded in video packs a4 in FIG. 44 (c) , graphics pattern (B) recorded as the graphics data, and mask data (c) that can set a plurality of patterns, as shown in FIG. 48.
 In the embodiment of the present invention, as shown in FIG. 45, the number n of mask data in a single graphics unit matches the number n of pieces of button information recorded in the highlight information, and each mask data #n and button information #n have one- to-one correspondence. That is, in m that satisfies 1 ( m ( n, the m-th mask data from the top corresponds to the m-th button information from the top. For example, when the user highlights (designates) a region designated by the m-th mask data on the screen by operating a cursor key or the like on a remote controller (not shown) , button command b234 recorded in m-th button information b23 is executed in response to that action. In this manner, each button information #n links with each individual mask data #n. In order to further facilitate access control to mask data, button information #n records start address (address from the head position of the header information to the n-th mask data start position in the lower left view of FIG. 45) information b231 and data size information b232 of corresponding mask data #n. In addition, button information b23 records neighboring button 
position information b233.
 The data structure in color palette information b22 in highlight information b2 in FIG. 45 will be described below. Normal color palette b221 stores color information of buttons when the menu screen is presented to the user first (before user selection) . When the user selects (designates) a specific button, the display color of that button changes on the screen. Selection color palette b222 records the changed display color of the button. Furthermore, when that button is set, and button command b234 corresponding to the button is about to be executed, the display color of the button can be set to be changed to a color indicating "set". Set color palette b223 has the set display color of the button.
 FIG. 49 shows another embodiment associated with the data structure of the graphics unit. The embodiment of FIG. 49 is characterized in that hot spot information is used in place of mask data. In correspondence with this feature, in the example of FIG. 49, a plurality of normal color palettes e221, selection color palettes e222, and set color palettes e223 can be set. As the region designation method of each button information e23 on the screen, a region on the screen can be designated by hot spot position information e233 in place of mask data. Furthermore, in the example of FIG. 49, a plurality of pieces of hot 
spot position information e233 can be set for one button information e23, so that a plurality of regions which are separate from each other on the screen can correspond to one button information e23. FIG. 50 is a view for explaining an example of the recording content of an advanced content recording area of the information content recorded on disc-shaped information storage medium (optical disc, etc.) 1 according to another embodiment of the present invention. As shown in FIG. 50 (d) , advanced content recording area 21 in FIG. 50 (c) is configured to include moving picture recording area 21B for recording moving picture data, animation/still picture recording area 21C for recording animation data and still picture data, audio recording area 21D for recording audio data, font recording area 21E for recording font data, and markup/script language recording area 21A for recording information for controlling playback of these data (such information is described using a markup language/script language/StyleSheet, and the like) (the area 21A is the head of the recording order of these areas as shown in FIG. 50) .
 The information for controlling playback (recording content in area 21A) describes a playback method (display method, playback sequence, playback switching sequence, selection of objects to be played back, etc.) of advanced content (including audio, still 
picture, font/text, moving picture, animation, and the like) and/or DVD-Video content using a markup language, script language, and Stylesheet. For example, markup languages such as HTML (Hyper Text markup Language) /XHTML (extensible Hyper Text markup
 Language) , SMIL (Synchronized Multimedia Integration Language) , and the like, script languages such as an ECMA (European Computer Manufacturers Association) script, Javascript (Java is the registered trade name) , and the like, Stylesheets such as CSS (Cascading Style Sheet) , and the like, and so forth, may be used in combination. markup/script language recording area 21A includes startup recording area 210A for recording startup information, loading information recording area 211A for recording information of files to be loaded onto a buffer in a playback apparatus (see FIG. 90) , playback sequence information recording area 215A for defining the playback order of video pictures for playing back the HD_DVD video pictures stored in the expansion video object sets of the advanced title sets using a markup language or script language, markup language recording area 212A for recording the aforementioned markup languages, script recording area 213A for reqording the aforementioned script languages, and Stylesheet recording area 214A for recording the aforementioned Stylesheets. 
 FIG. 51 is a view for explaining an example of the recording content of an advanced HD video title set recording area of the information content recorded on disc-shaped information storage medium (optical disc, etc.) 1 according to still another embodiment of the present invention. An advanced HD video title set (AHDVTS: advanced VTS) shown in FIG. 51 (d) is a video object which is specialized to be referred to from a markup language as one of the aforementioned advanced content.
 As shown in FIG. 51 (e) , advanced HD video title set (AHDVTS) recording area 50 includes advanced HD video title .set information (AHDVTSI) area 51 that records management information for all the content in advanced HD video title set recording area 50, advanced HD video title set information backup area (AHDVTSI_BUP) 54 that records the same information as in HD video title set information area 51 as backup data, and advanced title video object area (AHDVTSTT_VOBS) 53 that records video object (title picture information) data in an advanced HD video title set.
 FIG. 52 shows an example of the data structure of advanced HD video title set information recorded in the advanced HD video title set recording area. This information is recorded together in file HVIAOOOl. IFO (or VTSAOlOO. IFO; not shown), and advanced HD video 
title set information (AHDVTSI) area 51 shown in FIG. 51 (e) is divided into respective fields (management information groups) : advanced HD video title set information management table (AHDVTSI_MAT) 510, advanced HD video title set PTT search pointer table (AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT) 511, advanced HD video title set program chain information table (AHDVTS_PGCIT) 512, advanced HD video title set cell address table (AHDVTS_C_ADT) 517, and time map information table (TMAPIT) 519, as shown in FIG. 52.
 Note that time map information table (TMAPIT) 519 is one field of advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) area 51, but it can be recorded in the same file (HVIAOOOl. IFO in FIG. 2) as advanced HD video title set information area 51 or in a file (e.g.,
 HVMOOOOO.MAP) independent from advanced HD video title set information area 51.
 Advanced HD video title set information management table (AHDVTSI_MAT) 510 records management information common to the corresponding video title set. Since this common management information is allocated in the first field (management information group) in advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) area 51, the common management information in the video title set can be immediately loaded. Hence, the playback control process of the information playback apparatus can be simplified, and the control processing time can be 
shortened.
 FIG. 53 shows an example of the data structure of the advanced HD video title set information management table (AHDVTSI_MAT) recorded in the advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI), and the recording content of category information (AHDVTS_CAT) stored in this management table. Advanced HD video title set information management table (AHDVTSI_MAT) 510 can store the following information as the common management information in the video title set. That is, as shown in FIG. 53, the advanced HD video title set information management table can store various kinds of information: an advanced HD video title set identifier (AHDVTS_ID) , the end address (AHDVTS_EA) of the advanced HDVTS, the end address (AHDVTSI_EA) of the advanced HDVTSI, the version number (VERN) of the HD_DVD-Video standard, an AHDVTS category (AHDVTS_CAT) , the end address (AHDVTSI_MAT_EA) of the AHDVTSI_MAT, the start address (AHDVTSTT_VOBS_SA) of the AHDVTSTT_VOBS, the start address (AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT_SA) of the AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT, the start address (AHDVTS_PGCIT_SA) of the AHDVTS_PGCIT, the start address (AHDVTS_C_ADT_SA) of the AHDVTS_C_ADT, the number (ATRl_AGL_Ns) of angles of a video object having attribute information 1 (ATRl) , a video attribute (ATR1_V_ATR) of the video object having attribute information 1 (ATRl), the number (ATRl AST Ns) of audio 
streams of the video object having attribute information 1 (ATRl) , an audio stream attribute table (ATR1_AST_ATRT) of the video object having attribute information 1 (ATRl), the number (ATRl_SPST_Ns) of sub- picture streams of the video object having attribute information 1 (ATRl) , a sub-picture stream attribute table (ATR1_SPST_ATRT) of the video object having attribute information 1 (ATRl) , a multi-channel audio stream attribute table (ATR1_MU_AST_ATRT) of the video object having attribute information 1 (ATRl) , and the like (attribute information 2 and attribute information 3 follow) .
 Of the. information that can be stored in the management table (AHDVTSI_MAT) in FIG. 53, the start address (HDVTSM_VOBS_SA) of an HDVTSM_VOBS included in a standard VTS need not exist since the advanced VTS does not include any HDVTSM_VOBS (or may be used as a reserved area) . The start address (HDVTSM_PGCI_UT_SA) of the HDVTSM_PGCI_UT included in the standard VTS need not exist since the advanced VTS does not include any HDVTSM_VOBS (or may be used as a reserved area) . The start address (HDVTSM_C_ADT_SA) of the HDVTSM_C_ADT included in the standard VTS need not exist since the advanced VTS does not include any HDVTSM (or may be used as a reserved area) . The start address
 (HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP_SA) of the HDVTSM_VOBU_ADMAP included in the standard VTS need not exist since the 
advanced VTS does not include any HDVTSM (or may be used as a reserved area) . Furthermore, the start address (HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAP_SA) of "the HDVTS_VOBU_ADMAP included in the standard VTS need not exist since the advanced VTS includes the substitute time map information table (or may be used as a reserved area) .
 Note that the information (AHDVTS_CAT) indicating categories of the advanced VTS stored in advanced HD video title set information management table (AHDVTSI_MAT) 510 in FIG. 53 is defined as follows:
 AHDVTS_CAT = 0000b: no AHDVTS category is specified
 AHDVTS^CAT = 0001b: reserved
 AHDVTS_CAT = 0010b: advanced VTS with advanced content
 AHDVTS_CAT = 0011b: advanced VTS without advanced content
 AHDVTS_CAT = other: reserved
 The "advanced VTS with advanced content" whose category is indicated by "AHDVTS_CAT = 0010b" basically represents an advanced VTS which is configured with the markup language. That is, in this category, the content producer assumes an "advanced VTS controlled by the markup language", and playback is permitted only according to the control of the markup language but playback of the advanced VTS alone is not permitted. For example, when the content producer describes a 
markup language that permits playback of an advanced VTS in a given period only under a specific condition, if playback of the advanced VTS alone is permitted, this period can be undesirably played back under a condition other than the specific condition. Such playback is inhibited for the advanced VTS of the category "AHDVTS_CAT = 0010b".
 The "advanced VTS without advanced content" whose category is indicated by "AHDVTS_CAT - 0011b" basically represents an advanced VTS that allows playback of the advanced VTS alone without any markup language. This assumes an advanced VTS which maintains playback compatibility between other recording standards (to be referred to as a VR standard) such as DVD-VR/HDDVD-VR and the playback dedicated standard (to be referred to as a video standard) in the embodiment of the present invention. The video and VR standards have different standard content due to their different use applications (the video standard places an emphasis on interactiveness, and the VR standard places an emphasis on edit functions) . By communizing a structurally simplified advanced VTS between the two standards, playback compatibility can be assured between the two standards having different purposes. For example, an information storage medium recorded in an advanced VTS mode in a recorder according to the VR standard can be' played back by all playback apparatuses that can play 
back the video standard.
 FIG. 54 shows an example of the data structure of advanced HD video title set PTT search pointer table (AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT) 511 shown in FIG. 52. Advanced HD video title set PTT search pointer table
 (AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT) 511 includes various kinds of information: PTT search pointer table information (PTT_SRPTI) 511a having information of the end address (AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT_EA) of the AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT; and PTT search pointers (PTT_SRP) 511c having information of a program number (PGN) .
 Note that HDVTS_TTU_Ns indicating the number of TTU data of. an HDVTS which is included in the standard VTS need not exist since the number of TTU data in the advanced VTS is fixed, i.e., 1 (or if it exists, a fixed value is recorded) . The advanced VTS can be configured to include only one title (TT) . In this case, "title unit search pointers (TTU_SRP) 411b each of which records information of the start address (TTU_SA) of a TTU (see FIG. 22)" need not exist since there is only one TTU (or if it exists, a fixed value is recorded) .
 FIG. 55 shows an example of the data structure of advanced HD video title set program chain information table (AHDVTS_PGCIT) recorded in the advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) . As shown in FIG. 55,' advanced HD video title set program chain information 
table (AHDVTS_PGCIT) 512 also records information of advanced HD video title set PGCI information table (AHDVTS_PGCITI) 512a including information of the number (AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP_Ns) of AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP data and the end address (AHDVTS_PGCIT_EA) of the AHDVTS_PGCIT. Also, AHDVTS_PGCI search pointer (AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP) 512b records information of the start address (AHDVTS_PGCI_SA) of the AHDVTS_PGCI together with the aforementioned AHDVTS_PGC category (AHDVTS_PGC_CAT) . Note that a plurality of PGCs can be prepared in the advanced VTS, but there is no function to control the connection relationship upon playback using navigation commands. For this reason, basically, there is only one PGC and one sequential playback of the advanced VTS is managed. In this case, the value of AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP_Ns is fixed, i.e., 1, and one each of search pointer (AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP) 512b and PGC information (AHDVTS_PGCI) 512c are present.
 FIG. 56 shows an example of the data structure of program chain general information (PGC_GI) included in program chain information (corresponding to AHDVTS_PGCI in, e.g., FIG. 55) . As shown in FIG. 56, the program chain information (PGCI) recorded in PGC information (AHDVTS_PGCI) 512c includes four fields (four management information groups), i.e., program chain general information (PGC_GI) 50, program chain program map (PGC PGMAP) 52, cell playback information table 
(C_PBIT) 53, and cell position information table (C_POSIT) 54. Note that program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) 51 included in the PGCI of the standard VTS (FIG. 34) need not exist in the advanced VTS (or may be used as a reserved area) .
 As shown in FIG. 56, program chain general information (PGC_GI) 50 records various kinds of information including PGC content (PGC_CNT) , a PGC playback time (PGC_PB_TM), a PGC audio stream control table (PGC_AST_CTLT) , a PGC sub-picture stream control table (PGC_SPST_CTLT) , PGC navigation control (PGC_NV_CTL) , a PGC sub-picture palette (PGC_SP_PLT) , the start address (PGC_PGMAP_SA) of the PGC_PGMAP, the start address (C_PBIT_SA) of the C_PBIT, and the start address (C_POSIT_SA) of the C_POSIT.
 Note that the PGC user operation control (PGC_UOP_CTL) included in the standard VTS does not exist since the user operation control in the advanced VTS is made based on the markup language (or if it exists, PGC_UOP_CTL records a fixed value "00...00b". Also, the PGC graphics unit stream control table (PGC_GUST_CTLT) included in the standard VTS does not exist since no graphics unit is used in the advanced VTS (or may be used as a reserved area) . The start address (PGC_CMDT_SA) of the PGC_CMDT included in the standard VTS does not exist since no command table (PGC CMDT) exists in the advanced VTS (or used as a 
reserved area) .
 Note that the example of the PGC_GI shown in FIG. 56 exemplifies RSM&AOB_CAT at its end. However, RSMScAOB category information (RSM&AOB__CAT) included in the standard VTS, i.e., RSM permission information, Audio selection information, and Audio Number information need not exist since the RSM information is controlled by the markup language and no Audio information is available in the advanced VTS (or may be used as a reserved area) .
 FIG. 57 shows an example of the data structure in advanced HD video title set cell address table (AHDVTS_C_ADT) 517 shown in FIG. 52. Advanced HD video title set cell address table (AHDVTS_C_ADT) 517 includes various kinds of information: advanced HD video title set cell address table information (AHDVTS_C_ADTI) 517a having the number (AHDVTS_VOB_Ns) of VOB data in an AHDVTS_VOBS and the end address (AHDVTS_C_ADT_EA) of the AHDVTS_C_ADT; and a plurality of pieces of advanced HD video title set cell piece information (AHDVTS_CPI) 517b each including a VOB_ID number (AHDVTS_VOB_IDN) of an AHDVTS_CP, a Cell_ID number (AHDVTS_C_IDN) of the AHDVTS_CP, the start address (AHDVTS_CP_SA) of the AHDVTS_CP, and the end address (AHDVTS_CP_EA) of the AHDVTS_CP.
 FIG. 58 shows an example of the data structure in time map information table (TMAPIT) 519 shown in 
FIG. 52. Time map information table (TMAPIT) 519 includes time map information table information (TMAPITI) 519a, time map information search pointers (TMAPI_SRP) 519b, and a plurality of pieces of time information (TMAPI) 519c. Time map information table information (TMAPITI) 519a includes the number of pieces of time map information (TMAPI) 519c included in this time map information table (TMAPIT) 519, and the end address information of this time map information table (TMAPIT) 519. Time map information search pointers (TMAPI_SRP) 519b exist as many as the number of pieces of time map information (TMAPI) 519c, and each pointer records the start address where corresponding time map information (TMAPI) 519c is recorded.
 FIG. 59 shows an example of the data structure of time map information (TMAPI) 519c shown in FIG. 58. Time map information (TMAPI) 519c includes time map general information (TMAP_GI) 519cl, time entry table (TM_ENT) 519c2, VOBU entry table (VOBU_ENTT) 519c3, ILVϋ_ADR entry table (ILVU_ADR_ENTT) 519c4, and ENT_VOBN table (ENT_VOBNT) 519c5.
 Time map general information (TMAP_GI) 519cl includes TMAP_TYPE indicating the type of blocks which form this time map information (TMAPI) 519c, BLK_ADR indicating the start address of a contiguous or interleaved block, TMU indicating the time duration of 
a time entry, VOB_Ns indicating the number of VOB data to be referred to by this time map information (TMAPI) 519c, ILVU_Ns indicating the number of ILVU data per VOB to be referred to by this time map information (TMAPI) 519c, and VOBU_ENT_Ns indicating the number of all VOBU data to be referred to by this time map information (TMAPI) 519c.
 In the TMAP_GI in FIG. 59, when blocks that form time map information TMAPI include a contiguous block, "Ob" is recorded in TMAP_TYPE; when blocks that forms time map information TMAPI include an interleaved block, "Ib" is recorded in TMAP_TYPE. The time duration of. the time entry is constant in the time map information, and can be set to be a value, e.g., TMU = 10 sec.
 Furthermore, VOB_Ns indicating the .number of VOB data to be referred to by the TMAPI indicates the number of VOB data formed by contiguous blocks when blocks that form the TMAPI are contiguous blocks (i.e., TMAPJTYPE = Ob) . On the other hand, V0B_Ns indicating the number of VOB data to be referred to by the TMAPI indicates the number of VOB data that form interleaved blocks when blocks that form the TMAPI are interleaved blocks (i.e., TMAP_TYPE = Ib) . FIG. 60 shows an example of the data structure of time entry table (TM_ENT) 519c2 shown in FIG. 59. Time entry table (TM_ENT) 519c2 includes one or more time 
entry numbers (TM_EM_Ns) 519c21, and one or more time entries (TM_EN) 519c22. Note that the time entries are allocated for each VOB. More specifically, in the example of FIG. 60, the time entries are allocated in ascending order of V0B#p like time entry (TM_EN) 519c22 group of VOB#1, time entry (TM_EN) 519c22 group of V0B#2, ..., time entry (TM_EN) 519c22 group of VOB#p.
 Each time entry number (TM_EM_Ns) 519c21 records TM_EN_Ns indicating the number of time entries (TM_EN) 519c22. Each time entry 519c22 includes VOBϋ_ENTN indicating the number of VOBU entry (VOBU_ENT) 519c31 designated by the time entry, TM_DIFF indicating the time difference between the time of the time entry calculated based on TMU and the start time of the VOBU designated by the time entry, and TM_EN_ADR indicating an offset address of a Block (a VOB period with valid TMAPI) from the head position.
 FIG. 61 shows an example of the data structures of VOBU entry table (V0BU_ENTT) 519c3, ILVU_ADR entry table (ILVU_ADR_ENTT) 519c4, and ENT_VOBN table (ENT_VOBNT) 519c5 shown in FIG. 59. As shown in FIG. 61, VOBU entry table (VOBU_ENTT) 519c3 includes VOBU entries (V0BU_ENT) 519c31. Each VOBU entry (V0BU_ENT) 519c31 includes 1STREF_SZ indicating the size (which can be indicated by the number of packs) of 1st Reference Picture data (i.e., first I-picture or equivalent data) included in a VOBU, VOBU_PB_TM 
indicating the VOBU playback time, and VOBU_SZ indicating the size (which can be indicated by the number of packs) of the VOBU.
 ILVU_ADR entry table (ILVU_ADR_ENTT) 519c4 includes ILVU_ADR entries (ILVU_ADR_ENT) 519c41. Each ILVU_ADR entry (ILVU_ADR_ENT) 519c41 includes ILVU_ADR indicating an offset address from the head of an Interleaved block for each ILVU address.
 ENT_V0BN table (ENT_V0BNT) 519c5 which indicates a list of VOB data that refer to time map information (TMAPI) 519c includes entry VOB numbers (ENT_V0BN) 519c51. Each entry VOB number (ENT_VOBN) 519c51 includes ENT_V0BN indicating a VOB number to be referred to. Note that ENT_V0BN is described in the order of VOB data that refer to time map information (TMAPI) 519c, and correspondence between the time map and VOB is indicated using the VOB number.
 FIG. 62 is a flowchart for explaining an example of the playback sequence of an advanced VTS (AHDVTS in FIGS. 51, 74, 79, and the like) according to the content of information (Application Type) included in management information (e.g., AHDVTS_CAT in FIG. 53) . When playback of an advanced VTS is designated, the playback apparatus (FIG. 72, etc.) checks the value of AHDVTS_CAT stored in AHDVTSI_MAT 510. If AHDVTS_CAT = 0011b (YES in step ST620), since this advanced VTS to ' be played back is a video object without any advanced 
content, i.e., playback is controlled based on only data in advanced HD video title set recording area 50 (AHDVTS) in place of the markup/script language, playback can be done based on data of this AHDVTS (a sole playback process of the advanced VTS) .
 If the value of AHDVTS_CAT is other than "0011b" (e.g., "0010b") (NO in step ST620), since this advanced VTS is a video object with advanced content, playback must be done on the basis of the markup/script language required to control this video object. If not, playback of this video object becomes different from that the content producer intended. Hence, the playback apparatus (FIG. 72, etc.) searches for a markup/script language file associated with this video object. If such file is found (YES in step ST622), the video object is played back on the basis of the description of the markup/script language of that file (an execution process of the markup/script language) . If no markup/script language file associated with the video object is found (NO in step ST622) , since data required to control playback are not sufficiently prepared, the process ends without playback.
 FIG. 63 shows the configuration of a navigation pack (NV_PCK) allocated at the head of each EVOBU in an enhanced video object (EVOB) which is to be referred to by an advanced VTS according to the embodiment of the' present invention. The navigation pack includes a 
presentation information packet (PCI_PKT) and data search information packet (DSI_PKT) , and respective packets store information shown in FIGS. 64 and 65. FIG. 64 shows an example of the content of the presentation control information (PCI) as playback control information. The presentation control information includes playback control general information (PCI_GI) , non-seamless angle position information (NSML_AGLI) which includes the start position information of each angle and does not require any seamless playback upon angle switching, and recording information (RECI) . Note that the recording information , (RECI) can record specific codes such as a country code, copyright holder code, recording date, recording number, and the like in association with the content of recorded video, audio, and sub-picture data.
 The playback control general information (PCI_GI) includes control pack position information (NV_PCK_LBN) indicated by a logical block number (LBN) from the head of a VOBS, EVOBU category information (EVOBϋ_CAT) including analog copy control information, information (EVOBU_S_PTM) indicating the playback start time and information (EVOBU_E_PTM) indicating the playback end time of an EVOBU, EVOBU playback sequence end time information (EVOBU_SE_E_PTM) indicating information of the playback end time when video playback ends in response to a sequence end code in the EVOBU, and cell 
elapsed time information (C_ELTM) indicating an elapsed time in a cell of the EVOBU.
 Note that "EVOBU playback start time information (EVOBU_S_PTM) ", "EVOBU playback end time- information (EVOBU_E_PTM) ", and "cell elapsed time information (C_ELTM) " in parentheses in the playback control general information (PCI_GI) are option information, and can be omitted depending on embodiments.
 FIG. 65 shows the content of the data search information (DSI) as data search information. The data search information includes data search general information (DSI_GI), seamless playback information (SML_PBI) as information required to make seamless playback without interrupting interleaved units (ILVU) which are interleaved, seamless angle position information (SML_AGLI) that describes a .jump address of an interleaved unit of each angle as information required to switch angles without interrupting playback, and sync information (SYNCI) indicating position information of audio and sub-picture packs to be played back synchronously with video data.
 The data search general information (DSI_GI) includes control pack playback time information (NV_PCK_SCR) indicated by system clock reference (SCR)- based time information, control pack position information (NV_PCK_LBN) indicated by a logical block number (LBN) from the head of a VOBS, EVOBU adaptation 
information (EVOBϋ_ADP_ID) as information indicating if a disc to which the standard is applied is a read-only disc (DVD-ROM) or a writable disc (DVD-R or the like) , EVOBU_EVOB number information (EVOBU_EVOB_IDN: not shown) indicating an ID number of an EVOB that includes the DSI of interest, EVOBU cell number information (EVOBU_C_IDN) indicating an ID number of a cell that includes the DSI of interest, EVOBU attribute number information (EVOBU_ATRN) indicating the number of attribute information of an EVOB to which the EVOBU of interest belongs, and cell elapsed time information (C_ELTM) indicating an elapsed time in a cell of the EVOBU.
 Note that "cell elapsed time information (C_ELTM) " in parentheses in the data search general information (DSI_GI) is option information, and can be omitted depending on embodiments.
 FIG. 66 is a view for explaining an example of the configuration of an advanced VTS (AHDVTS) . Since the advanced VTS is basically controlled by a markup language, it requires a simple structure that allows easy control by the markup language. FIG. 66 shows an example of such structure. The advanced VTS includes only one VTS. This VTS includes only one Title. This Title includes only one PGC, which includes one or more PTT data and one or more Cells. Video object VTS_EVOBS is referred to by Cells in one-to-one correspondence. 
 Note that no navigation commands that can be recorded in VTSI and NV_PCK are available in the advanced VTS. The content production process which is complicated due to coexistence of control based on the markup language and that based on navigation commands in the advanced VTS, and the load on the manufacture of the playback apparatus can be avoided.
 Furthermore, the standard VTS accesses a video object using VOBU search information included in NV_PCK. The advanced VTS does not use any VOBU search information in NV_PCK (which need not exist) , and newly adds time map information. Upon accessing a video object in accordance with an instruction of the markup language, precise access can be done from an arbitrary location using the time map information.
 Note that an attribute number "#n". which identifies an attribute (Attribute #n) assigned to a plurality of EVOBU data corresponding to each EVOB in FIG. 66 can be designated by the EVOBU attribute number information (EVOBU_ATRN) shown in FIG. 65.
 FIG. 67 shows time map elements according to the embodiment of the present invention. That is, as a time element of a time map, a starting point of a description (time map unit) is available. The head of a PGC can be defined as a starting point for the PGC, and the head of a VOB can be defined as a starting point for the VOB. A time map time interval may be 
fixed to 600 video fields (corresponding to 10 sec) in NTSC, or the time map time interval can be set in the time unit (e.g., the range of 1 to 255 sec in" increments of 1 sec) . Furthermore, upon- forming ILVU data, a time map may be described in only the path of the first ILVU (e.g., only the path of angle number 1 in a multi-angle block) or time maps may be described in all ILVU data.
 As for an offset address of a time map, the start address of each VOB can be described. More specifically, the offset address can be described using a relative logical block number from the first logical block of a VTSTT_VOBS, or the offset address can be described using a relative logical block number from the first logical block number of the file of interest (In this case, the file at the current timing may be divided into a plurality of files as needed according to the set time maps) . Furthermore, a VOBU number quoted by a time map can be associated with a VOBU entry, which can be used as acquisition information of corresponding I-picture data and/or time information of this I-picture data.
 FIG. 68 shows an example of practical elements of the time map according to the embodiment of the present invention. A block address (BLK_ADR) designates the start address of a contiguous or interleaved block using an offset address from the head of a VTSTT_VOBS. 
A time entry address (TM_EN_ADR) of a contiguous block (single VOB) can be designated using an offset address from the head of a block. Also, a time entry address of an interleaved block (a plurality of VOB data) can be designated using an offset address from the head of a block (by the same method as in a single VOB) or time entry tables can be described as many as the number of VOB data. A time unit (TMU) is fixed to a constant value (e.g., 10 sec) in a single VTSTT_VOBS. An interleaved unit address (ILVU_ADR) can designate the address of each ILVU using an offset address from the head of an Interleaved block. Furthermore., a VOBU size (VOBU_SZ) can describe the size of each VOBU using the number of packs in that VOBU. A first reference picture size (1STREF_SZ) can describe the size of I-picture data of each VOBU using the number of packs.
 FIG. 69 shows a case having different playback paths so as to explain the time map according to the embodiment of the present invention. As shown in
 FIG. 69, disc 1 records two different playback paths (A) and (B) . (A) is, for example, the director's cut version of a movie, and (B) is, for example, the theatrical release version. In this example, (A) and (B) include the same introductory chapter (VOB#1) and ending chapter (V0B#4), but have different main chapters (VOB#2 or V0B#3) . At this time, in order to 
improve the recording efficiency on the disc in practice, the introductory chapter (VOB#1) and ending chapter (VOB#4) are used as a common playback path, and objects (VOB#2 and VOB#3) of different playback paths are independently recorded. However, if these objects are recorded intact, one of (A) and (B) cannot be read out in time upon playback depending on the manner of recording, thus interrupting its playback. In order to solve this problem, as shown in the lowermost column in FIG. 69, respective VOB data (VOB#2 and VOB#3) are broken up into smaller units, and these units are recorded alternately (i.e., so-called interleaved recording) ,. thus implementing seamless playback. A unit of this interleaved recording is an interleaved unit (ILVU) .
 Note that an interval in which playback data of VOB#1 or VOB#4 are contiguously allocated is defined as a contiguous block, and an interval in which playback data of VOB#2 and V0B#3 are alternately allocated is defined as an interleaved block.
 FIG. 70 is a view for explaining the time map of the ILVU interval. In order to form the time map of the interleaved-recorded ILVU interval (the interval of VOB#2 and VOB#3 in FIG. 70 (a) ) described using FIG. 69, time entries (2-1, 2-2, ... of VOB#2, and 3-1, 3-2, ... of VOB#3) are assigned to VOB#2 and VOB#3 as playback paths at predetermined time intervals (e.g., 10-sec 
time intervals) (FIG. 70 (b) ) , and hold designated addresses. After interleaved allocation, the addresses of the respective time entries are re-designated as offset addresses from the head of the interleaved block (FIG. 70 (c) ) .
 FIG. 71 shows an example that generalizes the time map including the interleaved block interval that has been explained using FIG. 70. As shown in FIG. 71, a VTSTT_VOBS of a playback object includes a contiguous block of VOB#p, an interleaved block formed by VOB#q and VOB#r, and a contiguous block of VOB#s (in the example of FIGS. 70 to 72, VOB#p = VOB#1, V0B#q = VOB#2, V0B#r = VOB#3, and VOB#s = VOB#4) .
 This time map is configured for each block. For this purpose, the start addresses of respective blocks are designated as offset addresses (BLK_J\DR) from the head of the VTSTT_VOBS. With this configuration, a time map of each block describes position information to have the head of that block as a starting point, and information that forms the time map is completed in the block.
 The address of each time entry (TM_EN#) designated by a predetermined time interval (TMU) (e.g., 10 sec) is indicated by an offset address (TM_EN_ADR). from the head of each block, and is stored as a time entry table (not shown) . At this time, if the block of interest is an interleaved block, time entries (TM_EN#ql, 
TM_EN#q2, ... , and TM_EN#rl, TM_EN#r2, ... in this case) as many as the number of VOB data that form the block are separately stored in respective time entry tables
 (not shown) . When the block that forms the time map is an interleaved block, the start addresses (ILVU_ADR) of interleaved units alternately allocated in the interleaved block are designated by offset addresses from the head of the block. With this information, the start position of each ILVU can be easily detected, and ILVU data to be contiguously played back can be seamlessly switched and played back (each ILVU size
 (ILVU_SZ) can be described in, e.g., TMAP_GI in FIG. 59
 (not shown) ) . As information of a VOBU that stores actual playback information, each time map includes the number of all VOBU data (VOBU_Ns; not shown) stored in each block, the size (VOBU_SZ) and playback time
 (VOBU_PB_TM; not shown) of each VOBU, the end address information (1STREF_SZ) of first reference picture
 (first I-picture) data, and the like. With this information, target data is accessed. The time map may have the end address information (2NDREF_SZ, 3RDREF_SZ; neither are shown) of each of second reference picture (I- or P-picture other than the first reference picture) data and third reference picture (I- or P- picture other than the first and second reference 
pictures) data in addition to the first reference picture.
 FIG. 72 is a block diagram for explaining an example of the internal structure of a playback apparatus (advanced VTS compatible DVD-Video player) according to another embodiment of the present invention. This DVD-Video player plays back and processes the recording content from information storage medium 1 shown in FIGS. 1, 50, 51, 73, 74, 79, and the like, and downloads and processes advanced content from a communication line (e.g., the Internet or the like) .
 The DVD-Video player shown in FIG. 72 comprises DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100, interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200, disc unit (disc drive) 300, user interface unit 400, and the like. DVD-Video playback engine 100 plays back and processes an MPEG2 program stream (DVD-Video content) recorded on information storage medium 1. Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 plays back and processes advanced content. Disc unit 300 reads out the DVD-Video content and/or advanced content recorded on information storage medium 1. User interface unit 400 supplies an input by the user of the player (user operation) to the DVD-Video player as a user trigger.
 Basically, when a standard VTS is to be played back (standard VTS playback state) , the user input is 
supplied to the DVD-Video playback engine; when an advanced VTS is to be played back (advanced VTS playback state) , the user input is supplied to the interactive engine. Even when the advanced VTS is to be played back, a predetermined user input can be directly supplied to the DVD-Video playback engine. Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 comprises an Internet connection unit. This Internet connection unit serves as communication means that connects server unit 500 or the like via a communication line (Internet or the like) . Furthermore, interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 is configured to include buffer unit 209, parser 210, . XHTML/SVG/CSS layout manager 207, ECMAscript interpreter/DOM manipulator/SMIL interpreter/timing engine/object (interpreter unit)
 205, interface handler 202, media decoders 208a/208b, AV renderer 203, buffer manager 204, audio manager 215, network manager 212, system block 214, persistent storage 216, and the like. In the block arrangement of FIG. 72, DVD-Video playback controller 102, DVD-Video decoder 101, DVD system block 103, interface handler 202, parser 210, interpreter unit 205, XHTML/SVG/CSS layout manager 207, AV renderer 203, media decoders 208a/208b, buffer manager 204, audio manager 215, network manager 212, system clock 214, and the like can be implemented by a microcomputer (and/or hardware logic) which serves as 
the functions of respective blocks by an installed program (firmware; not shown) . A work area used upon executing this firmware can be assured using a semiconductor memory (and a hard disc as needed; not shown) in the block arrangement.
 DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 is a device for playing back DVD-Video content recorded on information storage medium 1 shown in FIG. 1 and the like, and is configured to include DVD-Video decoder 101 for decoding the DVD-Video content loaded from disc unit 300, DVD-Video playback controller 102 for making playback control of the DVD-Video content, DVD system clock 103 for determining the decode and output timings in the DVD-Video decoder, and the like. DVD-Video decoder 101 has a function of decoding main picture data, audio data, and sub-picture data read out from information storage medium 1 shown in FIG. 1 and the like, and outputting the decoded video data (obtained by mixing the main picture data and sub- picture data, etc.) and audio data. That is, the player shown in FIG. 72 can play back video data, audio data, and the like with the MPEG2 program stream structure in the same manner as a normal DVD-Video player. In addition, DVD-Video playback controller 102 can control playback of the DVD-Video content in accordance with a "DVD control signal" output from interactive 
engine (INT_ENG) 200. More specifically, when a given event (e.g., menu call or title jump) has occurred in DVD-Video playback engine lOO upon DVD-Video playback, DVD-Video playback controller 102 can output a "DVD trigger" signal indicating the playback condition of the DVD-Video content to interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200. In this case (simultaneously with output of the DVD trigger signal or at an appropriate timing before and after the output) , DVD-Video playback controller 102 can output a "DVD status" signal indicating property information (e.g., an audio language, sub- picture subtitle language, playback operation, playback position, various kinds of time information, disc content, and the like set in the player) of the DVD- Video player to interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200.
 Interface handler 202 receives a "user trigger" corresponding to a user operation (menu call, title jump, play start, play stop, play pause, or the like) from user interface unit 400. Interface handler 202 transmits the received user trigger to interpreter unit 205 as a corresponding "event". For example, the markup language describes the following instructions for this "event".
 1 ( issue a "command" corresponding to a user operation. That is, the same command as the user operation is transmitted to the DVD-Video layback engine as a DVD control signal. 
 2 ( issue a "command" different from a user operation. That is, the user action is substituted by another operation in accordance with an instruction of the markup language. 3 ( ignore user trigger. That is, a user event is inhibited since, for example, the user may designate a DVD-Video playback process which is not designed by the content provider.
 Note that the content of the user trigger signal transmitted to interface handler 202 may be transmitted to AV renderer 203 as an "AV output control" signal. As a result, for example, when the user has changed the content or window size or has shifted its display position using a cursor key of a remote controller (not shown) , a user trigger signal based on this operation is output to AV renderer 203 as a corresponding AV output control signal. In addition, when a user trigger signal which indicates switching between a video/audio output from DVD-Video playback engine 100 and that from interactive engine 200 is sent to AV renderer 203, the video/audio output can be switched in response to the user operation.
 Interface handler 202 exchanges a "DVD status" signal, "DVD trigger" signal, and/or "DVD control" signal with DVD-Video playback controller 102, or exchanges a "user trigger" signal with user interface unit 400. Furthermore, interface handler 202 exchanges 
"event", "property", "command", and "control" signals with interpreter unit 205.
 That is, interface handler 202 can do the following. 1. Interface handler 202 transmits a "DVD trigger" signal which indicates the operation of DVD- Video playback engine 100 from DVD-Video playback engine 100, or a "user trigger" which indicates the user operation from user interface unit 400 to interpreter unit 205 as an "event".
 2. Interface handler 202 transmits a "DVD status" signal which indicates the playback status of DVD-Video playback engine 100 from DVD-Video playback engine 100 to interpreter unit 205 as a "property". At this time, DVD status information is saved in property buffer 202a of interface handler 202 as needed.
 3. Interface handler 202 outputs a "DVD control" signal to control playback of DVD-Video playback engine 100 to DVD-Video playback engine 100, an "AV output control" signal to switch video and audio data to AV renderer 203, a "buffer control" signal to load/erase the content of buffer 209 to buffer manager 204, an "update control" signal to download update audio data to audio manager 215, and a "media control" signal to instruct decoding of various media to media decoders 208a/208b, in accordance with the content of a "command" signal from Interpreter unit 205. 
 4. Interface handler 202 measures information of DVD system clock 103 in DVD-Video playback engine 100 using its DVD timing generator 202b, and transmits the measurement result to media decoders 20&a/208b as a "DVD timing" signal. That is, media decoders 208a/208b can decode various media in synchronism with system clock 103 of DVD-Video playback engine 100.
 As described above, interface handler 202 has a function of parsing and interpreting advanced content, and then exchanging control signals and the like between DVD-Video playback engine 100 and interactive engine 200.
 Interface handler 202 is configured to exchange a first signal and also a second signal on the basis of the content which are parsed by parser 210 and are interpreted by interpreter unit 205, or .a user trigger from an input device (e.g., a remote controller/ not shown) . In other words, interface handler 202 controls the output states of video and audio signals by AV renderer 203 on the basis of at least one of the first signal exchanged with DVD-Video playback controller 102, and the second signal exchanged with interpreter unit 205.
 Note that the first signal pertains to the playback status of information storage medium 1, and corresponds to the "DVD control" signal, "DVD trigger" signal, "DVD status" signal, and the like. The second 
signal pertains to the content of the advanced content, and corresponds to the "event" signal, "command" signal, "property" signal, "control" signal, and the like. Interface handler 202 is configured to execute processes corresponding to user triggers in accordance with the markup language. AV renderer 203 is configured to mix video/audio data generated by media decoders 208a/208b with that played back by DVD-Video playback engine 100 on the basis of the execution results of the processes corresponding to user triggers, and to output mixed data. Alternatively, AV renderer 203 is configured to select one of video/audio data generated by media decoders 208a/208b and that played back by DVD-Video playback engine 100 on the basis of the execution result of the "command" in interface handler 202, and to output the selected video/audio data.
 Generally speaking, parser 210 parses the markup language indicating playback control information, which is included in advanced content acquired from information storage medium 1 or advanced content downloaded from the Internet or the like. The markup language is configured by a combination of markup languages such as HTML/XHTML, SMIL, and the like, script languages such as ECMAscript, Javascript, and the like, and stylesheets such as CSS and the like, as 
 described above. Parser 210 has a function of transmitting an ECMAscript module to an ECMAscript interpreter, a SMIL module to a SMIL interpreter of interpreter unit 205, and an XHTML module to XHTML/SVG/CSS layout manager 207 in accordance with the parsing result.
 The ECMAscript interpreter interprets the aforementioned ECMAscript module and follows its instructions. That is, the ECMAscript interpreter has a function of issuing a "command" signal used to control respective functions in interactive engine 200 to interface handler 202 in correspondence with an "event" signal sent from interface handler 202 or a ' "property" signal read from property buffer 202a of interface handler 202. At this time, the ECMAscript interpreter issues a "command" signal to DVD-Video playback engine 100 or a "media control" signal to media decoders 208a/208b at the timings designated by the markup language in accordance with the time measured by system clock 214. In this manner, the control operation of DVD-Video playback engine 100 and various media control operations (decode control of audio, still picture/animation, text/font, and movies, etc.) can be achieved. The SMIL timing engine interprets the aforementioned SMIL module and follows its instructions. That is, the SMIL timing engine has a 
function of issuing a "control" signal to interface handler 202 or media decoders 208a/208b in correspondence with an "event" signal sent from interface handler 202 or a "property" signal read from property buffer 202a of interface handler 202 in accordance with system clock 214. With this function, control of the DVD-Video playback engine 100 and decoding of various media (audio, still picture/animation, text/font, movie) can be achieved at desired timings. That is, the SMIL timing engine can operate based on system clock 214 in accordance with the description of the markup language, or can operate on the basis of DVD system clock 103 from DVD timing generator 202b. XHTML/SVG/CSS layout manager 207 interprets the aforementioned XHTML module and follows .its instructions. That is, XHTML/SVG/CSS layout manager 207 outputs a "layout control" signal to AV renderer 203. The "layout control" signal includes information associated with the size and position of a video screen to be output (this information often includes information associated with a display time such as display start, end, or continuation) , and information associated with the level of audio data to be output (this information often includes information associated with an output time such as output start, end, or continuation) . Also, text information to be displayed, 
which is included in the XHTML module, is sent to media decoders 208a/208b, and is decoded and displayed using desired font data.
 Practical methods of parsing and interpreting markup and script languages can adopt the same methods as parsing/interpretation in state-of-the-art techniques such as HTML/XHTML, SMIL, and the like or ECMAscript, Javascript, and the like (the hardware used is the microcomputer that has been mentioned at the beginning of the description of FIG. 72) . Note that commands and variables described in scripts are different since objects to be controlled are different. The markup language used upon practicing the present invention uses unique commands and variables associated with playback of the DVD-Video content and/or advanced content. For example, a command that switches the playback content of the DVD-Video content or advanced content in response to a given event is unique to the markup or script language used in the embodiment of the present invention.
 As another example of commands and variables unique to the markup or script language, those which are used to change the video size from DVD-Video playback engine 100 and/or interactive engine.200 and to change the layout of that video data are available. A change in video size is designated using a size change command and a variable that designates the size 
after change. A change in video layout is designated by a display position change command and a variable that designates the coordinate position or the like after change. When objects to be displayed overlap on the screen, variables that designate z-ordering and transparency upon overlaying are added.
 As still another example of commands and variables unique to the markup or script language, those which are used to change the audio level from DVD-Video playback engine 100 and/or interactive engine 200 or to select an audio language to be used are available. A change in audio level is designated by an audio level change command and a variable that designates an audio level after change. An audio language to be used is selected by an audio language change command and a variable that designates the type of language after change. As yet another example, those which are used to control user triggers from user interface unit 400 are available. On the basis of the commands/variables of the markup and script languages, as exemplified above, a "layout control" signal is sent from XHTML/SVG/CSS layout manager 207 (some functions are often implemented by the SMIL timing engine 206) to AV renderer 203. The "layout control" signal controls the layout on the screen, size, output timing, and output time of video data to be displayed on, e.g., an 
external monitor device or the like (not shown) , and/or the tone/loudness, output timing, and output time of audio data to be played back from an external loudspeaker (not shown) . Media decoders 208a/208b decode data of the advanced content such as audio data, still picture (including a background picture) /animation, text/font data, movie data, and the like included in the advanced content. That is, each of media decoders 208a/208b includes an audio decoder, still picture/animation decoder, text/font decoder, and movie decoder in correspondence with objects to be decoded. For example, audio data in the advanced content, which is encoded by, e.g., MPEG, AC-3(, or DTS is decoded by the audio decoder and is converted into non-compressed audio data. Still picture data or background picture data, which is encoded by JPEG, GIF, or PNG, is decoded by the still picture decoder, and is converted into non-compressed picture data. Likewise, movie or animation data, which is encoded by MPEG2, MPEG4,
 Macromedia Flash, or Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) , is decoded by the movie or animation decoder, and is converted into non-compressed movie/animation data. Text data included in the advanced content is decoded by the text/font decoder using font data (e.g.,
 OpenType format) included in the advanced content, and is converted into text picture data which can be 
superimposed on a movie or still picture. Video/audio data, which includes these decoded audio data, picture data, animation/movie data, and text picture data as needed, is sent from media decoders 208a/208b to AV renderer 203. This advanced content is decoded in accordance with an instruction of a "media control" signal from interface handler 202 and in synchronism with a "DVD timing" signal from interface handler 202 and a "timing" signal from system clock 214. AV renderer 203 has a function of controlling a video/audio output. More specifically, AV renderer 203 controls, e.g., the video display position and size (often including the display timing and display time together) , and the audio level (often including the output timing and output time together) in accordance with the "layout control" signal output .from XHTML/SVG/CSS layout manager 207. Also, AV renderer 203 executes pixel conversion of video data in accordance with the type of designated monitor and/or the type of video data to be displayed. The video/audio outputs to be controlled are those from DVD-Video playback engine 100 and media decoders 208a/208b. Furthermore, AV renderer 203 has a function of controlling mixing and switching of the DVD-Video content and advanced content in accordance with an "AV output control" signal output from interface handler 202. 
 Note that interactive engine 200 in the DVD-Video player in FIG. 72 comprises an interface for sending the markup language in the advanced content read from information storage medium 1 to parser 210 via buffer unit 209, and an interface for sending data (audio data, still picture/animation data, text/font data, movie data, and the like) in the read advanced content to media decoders 208a/208b via buffer unit 209. These interfaces form an interface (first interface) independent from the Internet connection unit in FIG. 72.
 Also, the DVD-Video player in FIG. 72 comprises an interface for receiving advanced content from a communication line such as the Internet or the like, and sending the markup language in the received advanced content to parser 210 via buffer unit 209, and an interface for sending data (audio data, still picture/animation data, text/font data, movie data, and the like) in the received advanced content to media decoders 208a/208b via buffer unit 209. These interfaces form the Internet connection unit (second interface) shown in FIG. 72.
 Buffer unit 209 includes a buffer that stores the advanced content downloaded from server unit .500, and also stores the advanced content read from information storage medium 1 via disc unit 300. Buffer unit 209 reads the advanced content stored in server unit 500, 
and downloads them via the Internet connection unit under the control of buffer manager 204 based on the markup language/script language.
 Also, buffer unit 209 loads the advanced content recorded on information storage medium 1 under the control of buffer manager 204 based on the markup language/script language. At this time, if disc unit 300 is a device that can access the disc at high speed, disc unit 300 can read out the advanced content from information storage medium 1 while playing back the DVD-Video content, i.e., reading out DVD-Video data from information storage medium 1.
 If disc unit 300 is not a device that can make high-speed access, or if the playback operation of the DVD-Video content is to be perfectly guaranteed, playback of the DVD-Video content must not be interrupted. In such case, the advanced content is read out from information storage medium 1 and are stored in the buffer in advance prior to the beginning of playback. In this way, since the advanced content is read out from the buffer simultaneously when the DVD-Video content are read out from information storage medium 1, the load on disc unit 300 can be reduced. Hence, the DVD-Video content and advanced content can be simultaneously played back without interrupting playback of the DVD-Video content.
 In this manner, since the' advanced content 
downloaded from server unit 500 is stored in buffer unit 209 in the same manner as those recorded on information storage medium 1, the DVD-Video content and advanced content can be simultaneously read out and played back.
 Buffer unit 209 has a limited storage capacity. That is, the data size of the advanced content that can be stored in buffer unit 209 is limited. For this reason, it is possible to erase the advanced content with low necessity and to save those with high necessity under the control of buffer manager 204 (buffer control) . Buffer unit 209 can automatically execute such save and erase control.
 Furthermore, buffer unit 209 has a function (preload end trigger, load end trigger) of loading content requested by buffer manager 204 .from disc unit 300 or server unit 500 into buffer unit 209, and informing buffer manager 204 that the advanced content designated by buffer manager 204 have been loaded into the buffer.
 Buffer manager 204 can send the following instructions as "buffer control" to buffer unit 209 in accordance with an instruction of the markup language (even during playback of DVD video content) . ( load all or part of a specific file from a server;
 ( load all or part of a specific file from a disc; 
and
 ( erase all or part of a specific file from a buffer.
 Furthermore, buffer manager 204 instructs buffer unit 209 to load the advanced content in accordance with loading information, which is described in the markup language (or in a file designated by the markup language) . Buffer manager 204 has a function (buffer control) of requesting to inform that specific advanced content described in loading information have been loaded into buffer unit 209.
 Upon completion of loading of the specific advanced content into buffer unit 209, buffer unit 209 informs buffer manager 204 of it, and the buffer manager informs interface handler 202 of it (preload end trigger, load end trigger) .
 Audio manager 215 has a function of issuing an instruction for loading update audio data (audio commentary data) from information storage medium 1 in disc unit 300 or server unit 500 into buffer unit 209 in accordance with an instruction of the markup language (update control) .
 Network manager 212 controls the operation of the Internet connection unit. That is, network manager 212 switches connection/disconnection of the Internet connection unit when the markup language designates connection or disconnection to or from the network as a 
"command". Also, network manager 212 has a function of checking the connection state to the network, and allows the markup language to download the advanced content in accordance with the connection state to the network.
 Persistent storage 216 is an area for recording information (information set by the user and the like) associated with information storage medium 1, and comprises a nonvolatile storage medium such as a hard disc, flash memory, or the like. That is, even after the power supply of the DVD player is turned off, this information is held.
 As information associated with the information storage medium to be played back, information such as the playback position of the DVD-Video content or advanced content, user information required in user authentication implemented by the advanced content, a game score of a game implemented by the advanced content, and the like are recorded in accordance with an instruction of the markup language (storage control) . As a result, when the information storage medium is played back next time, playback can be continued from the previous position. When the advanced content downloaded from the server into the buffer are recorded in this persistent storage 216 upon playing back the information storage medium, the information storage medium can be played back without 
connecting the network from the next time.
 The building components of Interactive engine 200 in FIG. 72 can also be summarized as follows. That is, interactive engine 200 comprises: (Parser 210
 Parser 210 parses the content of the markup language.
 (Interpreter unit 205, XHTML/SVG/CSS layout manager 207 Interpreter unit 205 which comprises the
 ECMAscript interpreter, SMIL timing engine, and the like, and XHTML/SVG/CSS layout manager 207 respectively interpret the parsed modules.
 (Interface handler 202 Interface handler 202 handles control signals from interpreter unit 205, and those from DVDyVideo playback controller 102.
 (Media decoders 208a/208b
 Media decoders 208a/208b generate video/audio data corresponding to audio data, still picture data, text/font data, movie data, and the like included in the advanced content in synchronism with system clock 103 of DVD playback engine 100 or system clock 214 of Interactive engine 200. (AV renderer 203
 AV renderer 203 outputs data obtained by mixing video/audio data generated by media decoders 208a/208b 
to that played back by DVD-Video playback engine 100 on the basis of the execution result of the "command" in interface handler 202. Or AV renderer 203 selectively outputs one of video/audio data generated by media decoders 208a/208b and that played back by DVD-Video playback engine 100 on the basis of the execution result of the "command" in interface handler 202. (Buffer unit 209
 Buffer unit 209 temporarily stores the advanced content acquired from disc unit 300 or from server unit 500 via the Internet connection unit. (Buffer manager 204
 Buffer, manager 204 loads or erases advanced content data to or from buffer unit 209 in accordance with an instruction from interface handler 202 (an instruction of the markup language) , or the description of loading information (FIG. 90) . (Network manager
 The network manager controls connection or disconnection to or from the network and checks the connection state in accordance with an instruction of the markup language.
 (Persistent storage 216
 The persistent storage holds information associated with the information storage medium such as the playback position of the content, user information, and the like, and also the advanced content downloaded 
from server unit 500.
 FIG. 73 shows an example of an information storage medium that records only content (standard content) which can be produced by the conventional production technique and aim at achieving high image quality of a title itself. Note that this information storage medium is called a "content type 1 disc". The content type 1 disc includes HD video manager recording area 30 (at this time, Application Type in HDVMG_CAT in area 30 records "0000b" indicating that information storage medium 1 includes only standard VTS data) , and one or more HD video title set recording areas 40, which are recorded in. video data recording area 20. In addition, this information storage medium includes neither advanced HD video title set recording area 50 recorded in video data recording area 20 nor the_ advanced content recorded in advanced content recording area 21. Upon playing back this information storage medium 1, FP_PGCI recorded in HD video manager information management table 310 is referred to, and playback starts in accordance with the description of the FP_PGCI. This procedure is the same as that of the conventional DVD-Video.
 Also, upon playing back this information storage medium 1, in FIG. 72 that shows an example of the arrangement of the DVD player, data supplied from information storage medium 1 is processed by only 
DVD-Video playback engine 100, but does not undergo any processing in interactive engine 200. That is, video/audio data processed by DVD-Video playback engine 100 is output while passing through AV renderer 203. FIG. 74 shows an example of an information storage medium that records only content (advanced content) which aim at providing colorful menus, improving interactiveness, and so forth even in content of menu screens, bonus video pictures, and the like in addition to realization of high image quality of a title itself. Note that this information storage medium is called a "content type 2 disc (including only advanced VTS data)". The content type 2 disc (including only advanced VTS data) includes one HD video manager recording area 30 and one advanced HD video title set recording area 50 recorded in video data recording area 20, and advanced content recorded in advanced content recording area 21. In addition, this information storage medium does not include any HD video title set recording area 40 recorded in video data recording area 20.
 Note that since the advanced VTS does not require any menu objects, HD video manager recording area 30 of the content type 2 disc includes advanced HD video manager information recording area (AHDVMGI) 35 and advanced HD video manager information backup area (AHDVMGI BUP) 36. At this time, Application Type in 
HDVMG_CAT in area 30 records "0001b" indicating that information storage medium 11 includes only advanced VTS data.
 Upon playing back information storage medium 1 of this "content type 2 disc", startup information
 (STARTUP.XML) recorded in the markup/script language recording area is referred to, and a "markup language file serving as a start point" described in this information is executed, thus starting playback. FIG. 75 shows an example of the detailed data structure in advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI) area 35 in information storage medium 1 in FIG. 74. Advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI) area 35 stores advanced HD video manager information management table (AHDVMGI_MAT) information 350 which records management information, common to the entire HD_DVD-Video content recorded in video recording area 20 together, and advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) information 351 that records information helpful to search (to detect the start positions of) titles present in the HD_DVD-Video content.
 FIG. 76 shows an example of the detailed data structure in advanced HD video manager information management table (AHDVMGI_MAT) 350 in FIG. 75.
 Advanced HD video manager information management table (AHDVMGI MAT) 350 records various kinds of information 
including an HD video manager identifier (HDVMG_ID) , the end address (HDVMG_EA) of the HD video manager, the end address (HDVMGI_EA) of the HD video manager information, the version number (VERN) of the HD_DVD- Video standard, an HD video manager category
 (HDVMG_CAT) (in this information storage medium, Application Type in the HDVMG_CAT records "0001b"), a volume set identifier (VLMS_ID) , an adaptation identifier (ADP_ID) , the number (HDVTS_Ns) of HD video title sets (which records "0" since this information storage medium stores no standard VTS) , a provider unique identifier (PVR_ID) , a POS code (POS_CD) , the end address. (AHDVMGI_MAT_EA) of the advanced HD video manager information management table, and the start address (TT_SPRT_SA) of the TT_SPRT.
 Note that this information storage medium does not store the start address (FP__PGCI_SA) of first play program chain information, the start address (HDVMGM_VOBS_SA) of an HDVMGM_VOBS, the start address (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT_SA) of the HDVMGM_PGCI_UT, the start address (PTL_MAIT_SA) of the PTL_MAIT, the start address (HDVTS_ATRT_SA) of the HDVTS_ATRT, the start address (TXTDT_MG_SA) of the TXTDT_MG, the start address (HDVMGM_C_ADT_SA) of the HDVMGM_C_ADT, the start address (HDVMGM_VOBϋ_ADMAP_SA) of the HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP, an HDVMGM video attribute (HDVMGM V ATR), the number (HDVMGM AST Ns) of HDVMGM 
audio streams, an HDVMGM audio stream attribute (HDVMGM_AST_ATR) , the number (HDVMGM_SPST_Ns) of HDVMGM sub-picture streams, an HDVMGM sub-picture stream attribute (HDVMGM_SPST_ATR) , first play PGCI (FP_PGCI) that records management information for language selection menus, the start address information (HDMENU_AOBS_SA) of an HDMENϋ_AOBS, the start address information (HDMENϋ_AOBSIT_SA) of the HDVMGM_AOBS information table, and information of the number (HDVMGM_GUST_Ns) of HDVMGM graphics unit streams, which are stored in the content type 1 disc (or these areas are used as reserved areas) .
 FIG. 7.7 shows an example of the internal structure of advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351 shown in FIG. 75. Advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351 includes advanced title .search pointer table information (ADTT_SRPTI) 351a and advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRP) information 351c. Only- one piece of advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRP) information 351c in advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351 is present in an information storage medium including an advanced VTS but it does not exist in another information storage media. Advanced title search pointer table information
 (ADTT_SRPTI) 351a records common management information of advanced title search pointer table (ADTT SRPT) 351, 
and records information of the number (ADTT_SRP_Ns) of title search pointers included in advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351 ("1" is recorded since there is only one advanced VTS in this information storage medium) , and the end address (ADTT_SRPT_EA) information of this advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351 (a fixed value is recorded since there is only one advanced VTS in this information storage medium) in a file of the advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI) area.
 One advanced title search pointer (ADTT_SRP) information 351c records various kinds of information including the number (PTT_Ns) of Part_of_Titles (PTT), and the start address (HDVTS_SA) of the HDVTS of interest, in association with a title indicated by this search pointer. (This medium does not include a title playback type (TT_PB_TY) , the number (AGL_Ns) of angles, title Parental_ID_Field (TT_PTL__ID_FLD) information, an HDVTS number (HDVTSN) , and an HDVTS title number (HDVTSJTTN) , which are stored in the content type 1 disc, or these areas are used as reserved areas . )
 FIG. 78 is a view for explaining a playback model (example 1) of a disc that records an advanced VTS (AHDVTS) . A playback example of typical content type 2 disc (including only an advanced VTS) will be described below using FIG. 78. 
 When playback of the content type 2 disc (including only an advanced VTS) starts, interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 parses a menu page XML file which is stored in the advanced content recording area used to playback a menu screen described in the markup/script language.
 For example, when a menu screen which prompts the user to execute a button selection process while repetitively playing back an impressive scene in movie video picture data is to be formed, the menu page XML file describes a control process for controlling DVD- Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 to repetitively play back video data of the advanced VTS using the markup/script language. Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 issues a playback command (arrow a) to DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 in accordance with the description.
 At the same time, the page menu XML file stores a description for forming a menu screen using button images stored in the animation/still picture recording area and font data stored in the font recording area in advanced content recording area 21. Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 controls AV renderer 203 to mix the output that forms the screen according to these descriptions, and the video output of the advanced VTS by aforementioned DVD-Video playback engine (DVD__ENG) 100, thus implementing playback of the menu screen. 
 Next, the user selects a button used to execute playback of a video title itself of menu select buttons laid out on the screen using a remote controller or the like. The menu page XML file describes a script process associated with the selected button, and a jump event to a DVD playback engine control page is generated (arrow b) .
 The DVD playback engine control page describes a control process for playing back the starting part of the video title itself using the markup/script language. Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 issues a playback command to DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 in accordance with the description (arrow c) . The DVD playback engine control page also stores descriptions used to form a menu screen that can be displayed during playback of the video title itself (e.g., a menu is formed using a screen smaller than the video title itself, and is superimposed on the video title itself by seeing through the menu screen) and to superimpose a subtitle, using button images stored in the animation/still picture recording area and font data stored in the font recording area in the advanced content recording area 21. Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 controls AV renderer 203 to mix. the output that forms the screen and the video output of the advanced VTS by aforementioned DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 in accordance with these 
descriptions, thus implementing playback of the menu screen and subtitle.
 Upon completion of playback of the video title itself, interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200- controls the XML file to be processed to jump to the menu page XML file so as to play back the menu screen again in accordance with the description in the DVD-Video playback engine control page XML file (arrow d) . Note that a broken arrow marked with a circle with an oblique line in FIG. 78 indicates that a jump event based on a navigation command in the advanced VTS is inhibited.
 FIG. 79 shows an example of an information storage medium which records both content (standard content) which can be produced by the conventional production technique and aim at realizing high image quality of a title itself, and content (advanced content) which aim at providing colorful menus, improving interactiveness, and so forth even in content of menu screens, bonus video pictures, and the like in addition to realization of high image quality of the title itself. Note that this information storage medium is called a "content type 2 disc (including both advanced and standard VTS data)". The content type 2 disc including both advanced and standard VTS data includes one HD video manager recording area 30, one or more HD video title set 
recording areas 40, and one advanced HD video title set recording area 50, which are recorded in video data recording area 20, and advanced content (21A to 21E) recorded in advanced content recording area 21. Since the disc including the advanced VTS does not require any menu objects, this HD video manager recording area 30 includes advanced HD video manager information recording area (AHDVMGI) 35 and advanced HD video manager information backup area (AHDVMGI_BUP) 36. At this time, Application Type in the HDVMG_CAT in area 30 records "0010b" indicating that information storage medium 1 includes both standard and advanced VTS data. Upon playing back this information storage medium (content type 2 disc) 1, startup information (STARTUP.XML) recorded in the markup/script language recording area is referred to, and a "markup language file serving as a start point" described in this information is executed, thus starting playback.
 FIG. 80 shows an example of the detailed data structure in advanced HD video manager information
 (AHDVMGI) area 35 in the information storage medium in FIG. 79. Advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI) area 35 stores advanced HD video manager information management table (AHDVMGI_MAT) information 350 which records management information common to the entire HD_DVD-Video content recorded in video data recording area 20 together, and advanced title search 
pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) information 351 that records information helpful to search (to detect the start positions of) titles present in the HD_DVD-Video content. FIG. 81 shows an example of the detailed data structure in advanced HD video manager information management table (AHDVMGIJMAT) 350 in FIG. 80. Advanced HD video manager information management table (AHDVMGI_MAT) 350 records various kinds of information including an HD video manager identifier (HDVMG_ID) , the end address (HDVMG_EA) of the HD video manager, the end address (AHDVMGI_EA) of the advanced HD video manager information, the version number (VERN) of the HD_DVD-Video standard, an HD video manager category (HDVMG_CAT: in this information storage medium,
 Application Type in the HDVMG_CAT records "0010b"), a volume set identifier (VLMS_ID) , an adaptation identifier (ADP_ID) , the number (HDVTS_Ns) of HD video title sets, a provider unique identifier (PVR_ID) , a POS code (POS_CD) , the end address (AHDVMGI_MAT_EA) of the advanced HD video manager information management table, and the start address (TT_SPRT_SA) of the TT_SPRT.
 Note that this information storage medium (content type 2 disc) does not store the start address
 (FP_PGCI_SA) of first play program chain information, the start address (HDVMGM VOBS SA) of"an HDVMGM VOBS, 
the start address (HDVMGM_PGCI_UT_SA) of the HDVMGM_PGCI_UT, the start address (PTL_MAIT_SA) of the PTL_MAIT, the start address (HDVTS_ATRT_SA) of the HDVTS_ATRT, the start address (TXTDT_MG_SA) of the TXTDT_MG, the start address (HDVMGM_C_ADT_SA) of the
 HDVMGM_C_ADT, the start address (HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP_SA) of the HDVMGM_VOBU_ADMAP, an HDVMGM video attribute (HDVMGM-V-ATR), the number (HDVMGM_AST_Ns) of HDVMGM audio streams, an HDVMGM audio stream attribute (HDVMGM_AST_ATR) , the number (HDVMGM_SPST_Ns) of HDVMGM sub-picture streams, an HDVMGM sub-picture stream attribute (HDVMGM_SPST_ATR) , first play PGCI (FP_PGCI) that records management information for language selection menus, the start address information (HDMENU_AOBS_SA) of an HDMENU_AOBS, the start address information (HDMENU_AOBSIT_SA) of the HDVMGM_AOBS information table, and information of the number (HDVMGM_GUST_Ns) of HDVMGM graphics unit streams, which are stored in the content type 1 disc (or these areas are used as reserved areas) .
 FIG. 82 shows an example of the internal structure of advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351 shown in FIG. 80. Advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351 includes advanced title search pointer table information (ADTT_SRPTI) 351a, standard title search pointer (SDTT_SRP) 351b, and advanced title search pointer table (ADTT SRP) information .35Ic. Only 
one piece of advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRP) information 351c in advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351 is present in an information storage medium including an advanced VTS but it does not exist in other information storage media. Also, standard title search pointer (SDTT_SRP) 315b is present only when an information storage medium records standard VTS data.
 Advanced title search pointer table information (ADTT_SRPTI) 351a records, as common management information of advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351, information of the number (ADTT_SRP_Ns) of title search pointers included in advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351, and the end address (ADTT_SRPT_EA) information of this advanced title search pointer table (ADTT_SRPT) 351 in a file of the advanced HD video manager information (AHDVMGI) area.
 Only one advanced title search pointer (ADTT_SRP) information 351c records various kinds of information including the number (PTT_Ns) of Part_of_Titles (PTT), the start address (HDVTS_SA) of the HDVTS of interest, and the like, in association with a title indicated by this search pointer The information storage medium (content type 2 disc) with the structure shown in FIGS. 79 to 82 does not include a title playback type (TT_PB_TY) , the 
number (AGL_Ns) of angles, title Parental_ID_Field (TT_PTL__ID_FLD) information, an HDVTS number (HDVTSN) , and an HDVTS title number '(HDVTS_TTN) (or these areas are used as reserved areas) . One standard title search pointer (SDTT_SRP) information 351b records various kinds of information including a title playback type (TT_PB_TY) , the number (AGL_Ns) of angles, the number (PTT_Ns) of Part_of_Titles (PTT), title Parental_ID_Field (TT_PTL_ID_FLD) information, an HDVTS number (HDVTSN) , an HDVTS title number (HDVTS_TTN) , and the start address (HDVTS_SA) of the HDVTS of interest, in association, with a title indicated by this search pointer. FIG. 83 is a view for explaining the relationship between the playback states of an advanced VTS and standard VTS. FIG. 83 shows an example a state machine that indicates transition of a playback control module of the content type 2 disc. In a playback process of the content type 2 disc (of a type including both advanced and standard VTS data) , playback starts from an initial state when interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 interprets startup information (STARTUP.XML) recorded in markup/script language recording area 21A, and the control transits to an advanced VTS playback state.
 In the advanced VTS playback state, interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 generates text information, button 
images, and the like, which form a menu screen, and issues a video playback start instruction command to DVD-Video playback engine '(DVD_ENG) 100. Interactive engine 200 controls AV renderer 203 to mix the output that forms the screen with the video output of DVD- Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100, thus implementing playback of the menu screen.
 A markup/script language file that describes a menu page to be interpreted in the advanced VTS playback state describes a script which defines the behaviors of event handlers which are associated with events such as button clicking and the like by the user. For example, an event handler associated with a button image that indicates playback of a movie video title itself describes a command required to shift the control to a standard VTS playback state. When the user selects and executes the title playback button by a remote controller operation or the like, interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 executes the command required to shift the control to the standard VTS playback state, and the state machine makes the video playback control transit to the standard VTS playback state executed by DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100.
 In the standard VTS playback state, DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 interprets a cell playback information table (C_PBIT) , program chain command table (PGC CMDT) , and the like in a program 
chain (PGC) stored in a PGC and the like in the standard VTS, and executes playback control of the standard VTS in accordance with their description content. In the standard VTS playback state, interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 halts, and never instructs DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 to execute playback control.
 The program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) and the like of the standard VTS can describe a shift command ("CaIlINTENG" or the like in FIG. 43 (d) ) to the advanced VTS playback state. With such command, DVD- Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 can execute the shift command to the advanced VTS playback state when it executes a command interpretation process upon completion of a series of video playback processes, or DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 can shift the video playback control to the advanced VTS playback state executed by interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 upon reception of an event of a user command such as menu call or the like.
 Upon shifting from the standard VTS playback state to the advanced VTS playback state, DVD-Video playback engine 100 may temporarily store information such as the video playback position of the standard VTS or the like immediately before the playback control transits to prepare for a resume playback process from interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200, so as to implement a 
temporary call process of a menu screen or the like.
 Table A below shows a practical example of commands used to shift from the advanced VTS playback state to the standard VTS playback state in the markup/script language file to be interpreted by interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 (commands other than those in this example may be adopted as needed) . <Table A> (Command Name) (Argument)
 CallDVDENG_TT title number
 CallDDVENG_PTT title number, chapter number
 CallDVDENG_TM title number, playback start time position
 CallDVDENG_RSM no argument
 In table A, CaIlDVDENGJTT is a command that designates the title number of a standard VTS upon shifting from the advanced VTS playback state to the standard VTS playback state. DVD-Video playback engine 
(DVD_ENG) 100 loads a standard VTS including the designated title, and starts playback from the head of the title.
 CallDDVENG_PTT is a command that designates the title number and chapter number (PTT number) of a standard VTS upon shifting from the advanced VTS playback state to the standard VTS playback state. DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 loads a standard VTS including the designated title, and starts playback from the head of the designated chapter number (PTT number) .
 CallDVDENG_TM is a command that designates the title number and an offset of the playback start time from the head of the title video of a standard VTS upon shifting from the advanced VTS playback state to the standard VTS playback state. DVD-Video .playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 loads a standard VTS including the designated title, and starts playback from the designated playback time position. CallDVDENG_RSM is a command that designates execution of a resume process upon shifting from the advanced VTS playback state to the standard VTS playback state. Upon reception of this command, DVD- Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 resumes playback in accordance with the temporarily stored playback position information when the control transits from the immediately preceding standard VTS playback state to 
the advanced VTS playback state.
 FIG. 84 shows an example of argument definition of a command (CaIlINTENG command) required to shift from the standard VTS playback state to the advanced VTS playback state of navigation commands to be interpreted by the DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) . In the entire command bit sequence, a command code is stored in bits b63 to b48, and bl5 to bO are assigned to a reserved area for future expansion. A 16-bit control parameter storage area is assigned to b47 to b32. At a specific playback position or in an event of a standard VTS to be interpreted, by DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100, this area can store an arbitrary value which is used to select an arbitrary process in the description of the markup/script language file to be interpreted by interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 after the control transits to the advanced VTS playback state. That is, this data area can be used for an arbitrary purpose upon producing video content. An area for storing the playback start cell number in the resume process is assigned to b31 to b23.
 An area for storing a menu identifier is assigned to bl9 to blβ, and is used to designate the type of menu to be called upon calling a menu especially when the control transits from the standard VTS playback state to the advanced VTS playback state. The type of 
menu identifier that can be called includes:
 0010b ( title menu
 0011b ( root menu
 0100b ( sub-picture menu 0101b ( audio menu
 0110b ( angle menu
 0111b ( chapter menu, etc.
 Also, more detailed behavior differences may be expressed based on the aforementioned control parameter or by combining the control parameter and menu identifier.
 FIG. 85 is a flowchart for explaining the switching algorithm of a user command process. This flowchart exemplifies a process for switching a module that handles a process when a user command is generated. Upon playing back the content type 2 disc (of a type including both advanced and standard VTS data) , when an event of a user command associated with button depression on a remote controller or front panel (not shown) is generated, a user operation module confirms the current playback state (step ST850), and switches a module which is to be notified of the user event. If the current state is the advanced VTS playback state (YES in step ST850) , the user .operation module notifies interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 of the user event; if the current state is the standard VTS playback state (NO in step ST850), the user operation 
module notifies DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 of the user event, thus executing the process of the user command.
 FIG. 86 shows an example of domain transition of the content type 2 disc. In a typical content type 2 disc (of a type including both advanced and standard VTS data) , a VMG menu domain (VMGM_D0M) and VTS menu domain (VTSM_DOM) are formed of an advanced VTS and an XML file described in the markup/script language, and a title domain (TT_DOM) such as a video title itself is formed of a standard VTS.
 Menu video picture data in the VMG menu domain and VTS menu domain is realized by playing back video picture data stored in the advanced VTS in accordance with the description of the "XML file" in addition to text information and button images rendered in accordance with the description of the "menu XML file" described in the markup/script language.
 Transition between the VMG menu domain and VTS menu domain is implemented by executing a hyperlink process between menu XML files described in these menu XML files. At this time, playback of the advanced VTS may stop in correspondence with a change in page, and playback may start from a new position or may be continued from the previous position.
 Transition from the VMG menu domain (VMGM_DOM) , VTS menu domain (VTS DOM) , or the like to the title 
domain (TT_DOM) is implemented by executing a playback start command of a standard VTS (e.g., a CallDVDENG_xxx command listed in table A above) described in an XML file, and transferring the DVD playback .control to DVD- Video playback engine 100.
 On the other hand, transition from the title domain (TT_DOM) to the VMG menu domain (VMGM_DOM) may be implemented by defining a new command such as the aforementioned CaIlINTENG command and storing this new command in the program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) in the standard VTS. Alternatively, transition from the title domain (TT_DOM) to the VMG menu domain (VMGM_DOM) may take place when an argument of a CaIlSS command indicates VMGM_DOM. Also, an event generated upon depression of a root menu button arranged on a remote controller or the like (not shown) may be acquired, and transition from the title domain (TT_DOM) to the VMG menu domain (VMGM_DOM) may take place upon acquisition of this event. Likewise, transition from the title domain
 (TT_DOM) to the VTS menu domain (VTSM_DOM) may be implemented by defining a new command such as the aforementioned CaIlINTENG command or the like, and storing this new command in the program chain command table (PGC_CMDT) in the standard VTS, or this domain transition may take place when an argument of a CaIlSS command indicates VTSM DOM. Also, an event generated 
upon depression of a title menu button arranged on a remote controller or the like (not shown) may be acquired, and transition from the title domain (TT_DOM) to the VTS menu domain (VTSM_DOM) may take place upon acquisition of this event.
 FIG. 87 is a view for explaining a playback model (example 2) of a disc that records both an advanced VTS (AHDVTS) and standard VTS (HDVTS) . A playback example of a typical content type 2 disc (of a type including both advanced and standard VTS data) will be explained using FIG. 87.
 When playback of the content type 2 disc (including both advanced and standard VTS data) starts, interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 parses a menu page XML file which is stored in the advanced content recording area and is required to play back a menu screen described in the markup/script language.
 For example, when a menu screen which prompts the user to execute a button selection process while repetitively playing back an impressive scene in movie video picture data is to be formed, the menu page XML file describes a control process for controlling DVD- Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 to repetitively play back video data of the advanced VTS using the markup/script language. Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 issues a playback command (arrow a) to DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 in accordance with the 
description.
 At the same time, the menu page XML file stores a description for forming a menu screen using button images stored in the animation/still picture recording area and font data stored in the font recording area in advanced content recording area 21. Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 controls AV renderer 203 to mix the output that forms the screen according to these descriptions, and the video output of the advanced VTS by aforementioned DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100, thus implementing playback of the menu screen.
 Next, the user selects a button used to execute playback of, a video title itself of menu select buttons laid out on the screen using a remote controller or the like. The menu page XML file describes a script process associated with the selected button, and a jump event to a DVD playback engine control page is generated (arrow b) .
 The DVD playback engine control page describes a CallDVDENG_TT command which has the title number indicating the head of a video title itself as an argument. When interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 executes this command, transition from the advanced VTS playback state to the standard VTS playback state takes place (arrow c) .
 After transition to the standard VTS playback state, DVD-Video playback engine (DVD_ENG) 100 executes 
playback of the standard VTS that stores the video title itself. Depending on video content, a playback position jump process to a playback position of another VTS may be taken place in accordance with the description of a playback control command stored in the VTS (arrow d) . Note that a broken arrow marked with a circle with an oblique line in FIG. 87 indicates that a jump event based on a navigation command in the advanced VTS is inhibited. On the other hand, a jump event based on a navigation command is allowed in the standard VTS (arrow d', d", or the like) .
 Upon completion of playback of the video title itself, a "CaIlINTENG command" described in the program chain command table in the program chain (PGC) is executed, thus causing transition from the standard VTS playback state to the advanced VTS playback state (arrow e) .
 Interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 controls the XML file to be processed to jump to the menu page XML file so as to play back the menu screen again in accordance with a script description described in a handler of a CaIlINTENG command generating event in the DVD-Video playback engine control page XML file (arrow f) .
 FIG. 88 shows the relationship among an advanced VTS, standard VTS, and video objects (called EVOB or VOB data) in the content type 2 disc including both advanced and standard VTS data. In FIG. 88, an 
advanced VTS that forms a menu and two standard VTSs which form a title (video title) are present. Respective VTSs refer to independent video objects. In this example, video picture data required to form a menu is quite different from that which forms a title. With the configuration shown in FIG. 88, when a "menu screen which prompts the user to execute a button selection process while repetitively playing back an impressive scene in movie video picture data is to be formed", two video objects must be prepared although the video title and menu video picture data are the same. In order to avoid such duplicate preparation of "two video objects", a "shared reference model of objects" shown in FIG. 89 can be referred to. FIG. 89 is a view for explaining a shared reference model of objects in a disc that records an advanced VTS (AHDVTS) and standard VTS (HDVTS) together. Since each of the advanced VTS side and standard VTS side stores a time map, the advanced VTS and standard VTS can refer to the same video objects, and an arbitrary period of a given scene in the video title can be extracted and used as a background picture of a menu screen. In this way, the content producer can reduce the number of processes for producing two video objects to one (in association with a shared object to be referred to) . Also, since the two objects are reduced to one, the required capacity of the 
information storage medium can be reduced, and improvement of the image quality of the video title itself, addition of a new bonus picture, and the like can be realized accordingly. When a video object (VOB) to be shared by the advanced VTS and standard VTS is played back as the advanced VTS, PCI/DSI often includes information which is not required as the standard VTS, as shown in FIGS. 64 and 65. When such video object is played back as the standard VTS, playback is made using such information. However, when the video object is played back as the advanced VTS, playback is made while skipping such information, i.e., ignoring it.
 FIG. 90 is a view for explaining a practical example of loading information included in advanced content. The loading information includes a file name & location field, file size field, content type field, reference start time field, reference end time field, and the like. The file name & location field describes the URL address and file name of a file when that file is present on the server unit 500, or describes the directory on a disc and file name of a file when that file is present on the disc. The file size field describes the file size of a file (unit: bytes) . The content type field describes the type of content using MIME types. The reference start time field describes a reference start time of a file from the markup language 
or the like, and the reference end time field describes a reference end time of that file from the markup language or the like (that 'is, when this time has elapsed, the file loaded on the buffer may be immediately erased) .
 Basically, a file with the reference start time = "0" must be loaded onto the buffer (209 in FIGS. 72 and 91 or the like) before playback starts (i.e., before the beginning of execution of the markup language) ("preload") . For other data, the playback apparatus determines the loading start times of all files using the reference start times, reference end times, and file sizes which are described in the loading information, and information associated with a communication rate acquired by the playback apparatus. In this way, the user wait time until the beginning .of display of the advanced content/the beginning of playback of the DVD-Video content can be minimized. FIG. 91 shows the arrangement of buffer manager 204 and its peripheral units, and FIG. 92 shows the flow upon loading data onto V buffer 209. When interactive engine 200 is started up, a startup information file (STARTUP.XML) as one of advanced content recorded on information storage medium 1 in the disc unit is loaded (step STlO) . Parser 210 parses this startup information (step ST12) . Interpreter unit 205 interprets the parsed startup information. 
Interpreter unit 205 registers an operation upon generation of a "preload end" event (trigger) (for example, loading/execution of markup language file INDEX.XML indicating the default screen configuration starts) , and an operation upon generation of a "load end" event (trigger) (for example, execution of a user operation which is inhibited so far is permitted) (step ST14) .
 Note that the control of "user operation" can be made by PGC user operation control (PGC_UOP_CTL) in the standard VTS, and can be made by the markup language in the advanced VTS.
 Furthermore, loading information (see FIG. 90) is loaded (step STlβ) . This loading information may be described in the aforementioned startup file, may be recorded as one file on disc 1, or may be recorded as one file on server 500. When the loading information is recorded on disc 1 or server 500, the recording location and file name are described in the startup file. The loading information is loaded by interactive engine (INT_ENG) 200 in accordance with this description, and is parsed by parser 210 (step ST18) . Interpreter unit 205 interprets the parsed loading information, and buffer manager 204 loads the advanced content onto buffer 209 (step ST20) .
 The loading information describes the file name and location (a place where a file exists), file size, 
content type or MIME type (the type of data) , reference start and end times (data reference duration) , and the like of each file to be downloaded.
 Buffer manager 204 loads advanced content with the reference start time = "0" (i.e., files that must be stored in the buffer before the beginning of display of the advanced content/the beginning of playback of the DVD-Video content) in accordance with this description (step ST22) . At this time, files to be loaded are loaded from disc 1 or server unit 500 in accordance with the description order of the loading information. In this case, for example, the loading information designates advanced content (INDEX.XML file and its related files) that form the first page as those to be "preloaded".
 After all advanced content to be "preloaded" are loaded onto buffer 209 (YES in step ST24), buffer 209 sends a "preload end trigger" signal to buffer manager 204 (step ST26) . Upon reception of the "preload end trigger" signal from buffer 209, buffer manager 204 sends a "preload end trigger" signal to interface handler 202. Upon reception of the "preload end trigger" signal from buffer manager 204, interface handler 202 sends a "preload end event" signal as an event to interpreter unit 205.
 Interpreter unit 205 has registered the operation upon generation of the "preload end event", as 
described above, and executes the registered operation (step ST28) . For example, as the operation, execution of loading of INDEX.XML which has been loaded onto buffer 209 and forms the first page is registered. Also, INDEX.XML designates start of playback of DVD- Video content. In this manner, upon completion of preloading of the advanced content (upon generation of the "preload end event"), display of the advanced content/playback of the DVD-Video content starts. In order to quicken this playback start time, only advanced content which form the first page may be designated as those to be "preloaded". However, since advanced content other than the first page are not stored in buffer 209 at the beginning of playback, user operations such as fastforwarding, skip, time search, and the like must be inhibited.
 While display of the advanced content/playback of the DVD-Video content is performed, buffer manager 204 loads remaining advanced content (files to be stored in the buffer after the beginning of display of the advanced content/the beginning of playback of the DVD- Video content) in accordance with the description of the loading information (step-ST30) . At this time, the playback apparatus determines the loading start times and order of all advanced content using the reference start times, reference end times, and file sizes which are described in the loading information, and 
information associated with a communication rate acquired by the playback apparatus (e.g., using a value given by priority = reference start time - file size/communication rate) . For example, the loading information describes that a "preload end trigger" is generated upon completion of loading of advanced content that form the first page, and a "load end trigger" is generated upon completion of loading of advanced content which form the second page.
 If advanced content which form the second page are loaded onto buffer 209 (YES in step ST32), buffer 209 sends a "load end trigger" signal to buffer manager 204. Upon reception of the "load end trigger" signal from buffer 209, buffer manager 204 sends a "load end trigger" signal to interface handler 202. Upon reception of the "load end trigger" signal from buffer manager 204 (step ST34), interface handler 202 sends a "load end event" signal as an event to interpreter unit 205.
 Interpreter unit 205 has registered the operation upon generation of the "load end event", as described above, and executes the registered operation (step ST36) . For example, when user operations such as fastforwarding, skip, time search, and the like are inhibited, the operation for permitting the inhibited user operations is registered. That is, since all 
advanced content are stored in buffer 209, the user operations need not be inhibited.
 FIG. 93 is a view for explaining the configuration of an advanced VTS (AHDVTS) which exceptionally has multiple PGCs. A VTSJEVOBS of the advanced VTS in FIG. 93 includes one interleaved block. This interleaved block is used to implement playback of the director's cut version and theatrical release version, as shown in, e.g., FIG. 69. In many cases, EVOBs in the interleaved block of such VTS_EVOBS have different playback time durations. In case of such advanced VTS, VTSI may manage information associated with video playback in. a plurality of PGCs.
 A playback sequence is defined by the cell playback information table (C_PBIT; 53 in FIG. 56) stored in a PGC. The cell position information table (C_POSIT; 54 in FIG. 56) associates cells used in playback and actual cells using EVOB numbers (EVOB#1, etc.) and cell numbers (Cell#l to Cell#3, etc.) in the VTS_EVOBS. Furthermore, of the cells in the VTS_EVOBS, cells that form the interleaved block are segmented for respective interleaved units (ILVUs), and are allocated at separate positions in the interleaved block on the HD_DVD disc. In the example of FIG. 93, the cell playback information table is configured as follows. That is,' for example, PGC#1 as the director's cut version plays 
back a contiguous block formed by EVOB#1, then plays back EVOB#3 formed by an interleaved block, and finally plays back a contiguous block formed by EVOB#4 all in the VTS_EVOBS. For example, PGC#2 as the theatrical release version plays back a contiguous block formed by EVOB#1, then plays back EVOB#2 formed by an interleaved block, and finally plays back a contiguous block formed by EV0B#4 all in the VTS_EVOBS.
 In this manner, upon describing the playback sequences of the director's cut version and theatrical release version, respective cells (EVOBs) in the interleaved block period have different playback time durations. , In such case, the playback sequences are defined by dividing PGCs, as in the example of FIG. 93. In this way, accesses to playback positions in time units can be easily managed.
 FIG. 94 is a view for explaining the configuration of an advanced VTS (AHDVTS) which includes an interleaved block but has one PGC. This example is convenient, e.g., when the interleaved block forms an angle block.
 In the example of FIG. 94, the cell playback information table is configured as follows. That is, a playback sequence defined by PGC#1 plays back a contiguous block formed by EVOB#1, then plays back EVOB#2 formed by an interleaved block, and finally plays back a contiguous block formed by EVOB#4 all in 
the VTS_EVOBS.
 In this case, it appears that no sequence for playing back EVOB#3 that forms another angle is defined. However, in practice, in the angle block, EVOBs which form respective angles, and their cells and ILVU boundaries have equal playback times, and the same multiplexed audio data is used. Hence, angles are configured to be seamlessly switched in ILVU boundary units. Therefore, a parameter that indicates the current playback angle is defined, and the angle can be switched based on the value of this parameter.
 To summarize the above description, when the playback sequence of the interleaved block that forms the angle block is to be defined, the playback time is uniquely defined by the cell playback information .table given by one PGC, and cells to be actually played back of a VTS_EVOBS can be specified in combination with the aforementioned parameter indicating the playback angle. In the embodiment of the present invention, using playback control information which is stored in the ADV_OBJ in FIG. 2 and is described using the markup/script language, playback of identical DVD content can be flexibly configured. That is, using the description of the aforementioned playback sequence information file (PBSEQOOl.XML in FIG. 2, etc.), a function of freely configuring the playback order of a DVD video picture stored in a VTS EVOBS in 
predetermined units (independently of PGC information and navigation information in navigation packs which are originally recorded on disc 1) can be implemented. FIG. 95 shows a description example- of a playback sequence in the playback sequence information file. Assume that the configuration in FIG. 93 is newly defined using the description of the above playback sequence information file (PBSEQOOl.XML in FIG. 2, etc.) . In the first line of the description in FIG. 95, "directors_cut" is defined as a name for uniquely defining the playback sequence, and it is defined that this playback sequence is described based on PGC information of PGC#1 and title#l.
 In the second to fourth lines of the description in FIG. 95, three chapters (PTT numbers) that form the playback sequence of "directors_cut" are. defined, and names that uniquely define these chapters are defined using an attribute "id". The playback order of the chapters (PTT numbers) is defined using attribute information "order", and associations between these chapters and those in PGC#1 in FIG. 93 are defined using an attribute "pgc" (in this example, the playback order is described in three entries, e.g., chapter "order" "1", "2", and "3") . The definition of the playback sequence using the markup language description in the aforementioned playback sequence information file is convenient for a 
case wherein "an advanced VTS is defined as DVD video picture materials divided into respective chapters (PTTs) , which are re-defined in correspondence with use purposes like a playback sequence used in a menu screen, that used in title playback, and that used in bonus content". Since this playback sequence is defined using the markup language, it can be easily edited later. For example, such playback sequence can be advantageously applied to, e.g., a case wherein a different sequence is to be defined later using movie content (divided into a plurality of chapters) already printed on a DVD-Video disc as a material (reordering of the playback order of a plurality of chapters including repetitive playback of a specific chapter and/or playback skip of a specific chapter) .
 FIG. 96 shows an example in which the same playback sequence as that in FIG. 95 is described using cell units with respect to the advanced VTS shown in FIG. 71. When each of the chapters (PTT numbers) shown in FIG. 95 corresponds to one cell, the playback sequence is configured by three entries (chapter "order" = "1", "2", and "3") as in FIG. 95.
 FIG. 97 shows an example of the playback sequence upon expressing a playback sequence across a plurality of PGCs. For example, the playback sequence in FIG. 97 is configured to continuously play back different video parts of the director's cut version and theatrical 
 release version, which are formed by the interleaved block. Such configuration is effective to create content that give an explanation about the difference between the director's cut version and theatrical ■ release version in DVD bonus content or the like.
 As the differences of the markup language used to describe the playback sequences, in the examples shown in FIGS. 95 and 96, the first line describes the PGC number that uniquely designates the chapters (PTT numbers) or cell numbers, while in the example of
 FIG. 97, the markup description that designates the chapter number includes the PGC number. With such description,, one playback sequence can be configured across a plurality of PGCs (across PGC#1 and PGC#2 in this example) .
 FIG. 98 shows an example in which the same playback sequence as that in FIG. 97 is described using cell units with respect to the advanced VTS shown in FIG. 93. Since PTT = 3 (PTT#3) of PGC number = 2 (PGC#2) are configured by two cells (corresponding to cell#l and cell#2 of EVOB#2 in the example of FIG. 93), the number of cell entries required to express the same playback sequence is increased to two ("cell" = "4" of chapter "order" = "3" and "cell" = "5" of chapter "order" = "4" in the example of FIG. 98) .
 Since the description method in the aforementioned playback sequence information file (PBSEQOOl.XML in 
FIG. 2, etc.) allows flexible definitions, a more complicated, detailed playback sequence can be described using a definition different from the above example. By defining the playback sequences as exemplified above, the flow of playback of the advanced VTS stored in a DVD disc can be flexibly, changed (after distribution of the disc) . For example, after a given DVD disc was released, a movie company contrives a new method of enjoying the DVD video picture, and delivers a new playback sequence via the Internet. Then, users enjoy playback of the DVD video picture using the new playback sequence.
 Likewise, the use method that allows the user to edit an arbitrary playback sequence by himself or herself and to enjoy video picture playback by joining his or her favorite scenes can be provided (in this case, information obtained by editing the playback sequence by the user himself or herself can be saved in, e.g., persistent storage 216 in FIG. 72 or 100) . FIG. 99 is a flowchart showing an example of the processing for initializing the playback sequence of the advanced VTS (e.g., for re-setting the settings based on the default playback sequence to those of another playback sequence described in the playback sequence information file) in DVD playback engine 100 in, e.g., FIG. 72 or 100 using the playback sequence information file (PBSEQOOl.XML in FIG. 2, etc.) prior 
to playback of the advanced VTS.
 Upon starting playback of the advanced VTS, interactive engine 200 begins to initialize the DVD- Video player (definition of a playback sequence of objects to be played back) in accordance with a predetermined procedure described in, e.g., startup information recording area 210A in FIG. 50.
 If it is determined in a condition determination part in step STlOO that the described initialization procedure describes a playback sequence setting command of the advanced VTS based on playback sequence information (YES in step STlOO), interactive engine 200 registers playback sequence information (e.g., the description of PBSEQOOl.XML in FIG. 2) in DVD playback engine 100 (step ST102) . DVD playback engine 100 resets the playback sequence of the advanced VTS in accordance with the playback sequence information registered by interactive engine 200 in step ST102 (step ST104) . If it is determined in a condition determination part in step STlOO that no playback sequence setting command of the advanced VTS based on playback sequence information is described (NO in step STlOO), DVD playback engine 100 determines a playback sequence in accordance with cell playback information (C_PBIT) in program chain information (PGCI) recorded in the advanced VTS (step ST106) . 
 DVD playback engine 100 controls playback of the advanced VTS in accordance with the playback sequence set based on the cell playback information (C_PBIT) in step ST106, or controls playback of the •advanced VTS in accordance with a playback command from interactive engine 200 on the basis of the playback sequence set based on the description of the playback sequence information file or the like in step ST104 (step ST108) . After execution of playback using all advanced VTSs, the playback process ends.
 In other words, FIG. 99 executes the following processing. That is, it is checked if a playback sequence definition based on playback sequence information (playback sequence information acquired from, e.g., the Internet if it is not stored in the playback sequence information recording .area) is available (STlOO) . If no playback sequence definition based on playback sequence information is available (NO in step STlOO), expanded video objects (EVOBs) are played back (ST108) on the basis of management information (PGCI) in the management area (ST106) ; if the playback sequence definition based on playback sequence information is available (YES in step STlOO; initialize the playback sequence) , expanded video objects are played back (ST108) on the basis of the playback sequence information (ST102 to ST104) . Alternatively, the processing in FIG. 99 is 
executed as follows. It is checked if a playback sequence definition based on playback sequence information is available (STlOO) . If the playback sequence definition based on playback sequence information is available (YES in step STlOO; initialize the playback sequence), expanded video objects are played back (ST108) on the basis of at least one of a sequence of the program chain numbers, a sequence of the cell numbers, and a sequence of the chapter numbers, which are defined by the playback sequence information (ST102 to ST104) .
 FIG. 100 is a system block diagram for explaining an example pf the internal structure of a playback apparatus (advanced VTS compatible DVD-Video player: another example of the apparatus shown in FIG. 72) according to another embodiment of the present invention. This DVD-Video player plays back and processes the recording content (DVD-Video content and/or advanced content) from information storage medium 1 (which records the VTSI and VTS_EVOBS shown in, e.g., FIGS. 93, 94, and the like) shown in FIGS. 1, 50, 73, 74, 79, and the like, and downloads and processes advanced content from a communication line (e.g., the Internet/home network or the like) . In the system arrangement of the embodiment shown in FIG. 100, interactive engine 200 comprises parser 210, advanced object manager 610, data cache 620, 
streaming manger 710, event handler 630, system clock 214, interpreter unit 205 including a layout engine, style engine, script engine, and timing engine, media decoder unit 208 including moving picture/animation, still picture, text/font, and sound decoders, graphics superposing unit 750, secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720, video decoder 730, audio decoder 740, and the like.
 On the other hand, DVD playback engine 100 comprises DVD playback controller 102, DVD decoder unit 101 including an audio decoder, main picture decoder, sub-picture decoder, and the like, and so forth.
 The DVD-Video player comprises, as functional modules to be provided to interactive engine 200 and DVD playback engine 100, persistent storage 216, DVD disc 1, file system 600, network manager 212, demultiplexer 700, video mixer 760, audio mixer 770, and the like. Also, as modules which are the functions of the DVD-Video player and are mainly used by interactive engine 200 to perform information acquisition and operation control via system manager 800, the player comprises an NIC, disc drive controller, memory controller, FLASH memory controller, remote controller, keyboard, timer, cursor, and the like.
 The recording locations and formats of advanced content other than DVD-Video data to be handled by 
interactive engine 200 are as follows (note that a disc described as a DVD disc includes not only a normal DVD- Video disc but also a next-generation HD_DVD disc) .
 1. file format data on the DVD disc 2. multiplexed divided data in an EVOB on the DVD disc
 3. file format data in the persistent storage of the DVD-Video player
 4. file format data or streaming data on a network server on the Internet/home network
 "File format data on the DVD disc" of "1." is stored in advanced content recording area 21 in FIG. 79. Interactive engine 200 loads an advanced content file on the DVD disc via the file system. "Multiplexed divided data in an EVOB on the DVD disc" of "2." has a data format which is multiplexed and recorded in a VTS_EVOBS recorded in advanced HD video title set recording area (AHDVTS) 50 in FIG. 79. As the multiplexed data, data redundant to "file format data on the DVD disc" of "1." are recorded. Such data is loaded to demultiplexer 700 in correspondence with loading" of the VTS__EVOBS, and if the demultiplexed data are divided data of advanced content, they are sent to advanced object manager 610. Advanced object manager 610 temporarily stores the divided data of the advanced content received from demultiplexer 700, and stores them as file format data 
of the advanced content in data cache 620 at the reception timing of data that can form one file.
 As multiplexed advanced content data in an EVOB on the DVD disc, file data obtained by compressing one or a plurality of advanced content files in accordance with a predetermined method may be divisionally stored, so as to improve the efficiency of data upon multiplexing. In this case, advanced object manager 610 temporarily stores divided data until the . compressed data can be decompressed, and stores decompressed advanced content data in data cache 620 at a timing at which the advanced content data can be handled as a file format.
 "File format data in persistent storage 216 of the DVD-Video player" of "3." corresponds to, 'e.g., introduction movie data of a new film or the like which' is downloaded from the Internet and is stored at a predetermined position on persistent storage 216 while interactive engine 200 is playing back a DVD title including advanced content created by a given movie company.
 For example, when a DVD title including other advanced content created by that movie company is played back, the following use method may be adopted. That is, "interactive engine 200 searches the predetermined position on persistent storage 216 in accordance with the description of the markup/script 
language of advanced content. If interactive engine 200 finds the saved introduction movie data of the new film there, it jumps to an XML page required to refer to/play back that data. If the playback- process is selected by a user operation, interactive engine 200 plays back the introduction movie data of the new film stored in persistent storage 216."
 An example of file format data of "file format data or streaming data on a network server on the Internet/home network" of "4." corresponds to the aforementioned introduction movie data of the new film or the like. As an example of streaming data, the following use method may be adopted. That is, "when DVD-Video data of a movie on a DVD disc includes only Japanese and English audio data, a movie company creates Chinese audio data, and a DVD-Video player connected to the Internet plays back the Chinese audio data in synchronism with video picture data on the DVD disc while sequentially downloading it." In the system block diagram of FIG. 100, file system 600, parser 210, interpreter unit 205, media decoder unit 208, data cache 620, network manager 212, streaming manager 710, graphics superposing unit 750, secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720, video decoder 730, audio decoder 740, demultiplexer
 700, DVD playback controller 102, DVD decoder unit 101, and the like can be implemented by a microcomputer 
 and/or hardware logic which implement/implements respective module functions by parsing built-in programs (firmware; not shown) . A work area (including a temporary buffer used in a decoding process) used ■ upon executing this firmware can be assured using a semiconductor memory (not shown) (and a hard disc device as needed) of each module. Furthermore, the system includes communication means for control signals (not shown) between respective modules so as to attain data supply and a synchronization process, and operation control between required modules can be managed. The communication means include signal lines of the hardware logic, event/data notification processes between software programs, and the like. The behaviors for respective functions of the DVD-
 Video player will be described below using the system block diagram of FIG. 100. The DVD-Video player that plays back advanced content implements richly expressive menus and more interactive playback control, which are difficult to attain in the conventional DVD, using an XML file and style sheet described using the markup/script language or the like. An example in which a menu page including a button selection that outputs an animation effect or effect sound upon selection of the user is to be configured will be examined.
 The configuration and functions of the menu page 
are defined by a menu XML page described using the markup/script language. The menu XML page is stored in a DVD disc, and interpreter unit 205 passes the .content of the menu XML page parsed by parser 210 to the layout engine, style engine, script engine, timing engine, and the like in accordance with their description content.
 The timing engine receives time events from system clock 214 at predetermined intervals, and instructs processing instructions to the layout engine, style engine, and script engine on the basis of the description of the menu XML page arranged in the timing engine. These engines refer to configuration information, of the menu XML page managed by them, and issue decode process instructions to media decoder unit 208 as needed.
 Media decoder unit 208 loads media.data from the advanced object save area such as data cache 620 or the like as needed in accordance with instructions from interpreter unit 205, and executes decode processes. Of data decoded by media decoder unit 208, moving picture/animation, still picture, and text/font output results associated with graphics display are sent to graphics superposing unit 750, which generates frame data of a graphics plane to be output in accordance with the descriptions of the layout and style sheet of interpreter unit 205, and outputs it to video mixer 760. 
 Video mixer 760 mixes the output frame of graphics superposing unit 750, an output frame of the video decoder which is output in' accordance with an instruction from secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720, output frames of the main picture decoder and sub-picture decoders in DVD decoder unit 101 which are output in accordance with an instruction from DVD playback controller 102, an output frame of the cursor function of the DVD-Video player, and the like in accordance with a predetermined superposing rule while synchronizing these output frames. Video mixer 760 converts the mixed output frame data into a television output signal, and outputs it onto a video output signal line. The behavior of the secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 which is output in synchronism with the output frame of the graphics frame. will be described below. As a main storage destination of secondary picture data, a DVD disc and streaming server on the Internet or home network are assumed.
 Upon playback of secondary picture data stored on the DVD disc, IFO/VOBS (including an EVOBS) data is loaded from the DVD disc to demultiplexer 700. Demultiplexer 700 identifies various types of multiplexed data, and demultiplexes and sends data associated with main picture playback control to DVD playback controller 102, data associated with main 
picture, sub-picture, and audio of the DVD-Video to DVD decoder unit 101, and data associated with secondary picture playback control to secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720. If advanced object data are multiplexed and stored in this data, these data are sent to advanced object manager 610.
 Secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 executes playback control of secondary picture data on the DVD disc on the basis of a playback control signal from interpreter unit 205. For example, when interpreter unit 205 instructs not to execute playback of stored secondary picture data, all data are discarded here. When a playback instruction is issued, secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 outputs data shaped to a format and data size suited to decode processes to video decoder 730 and audio decoder 740. Video decoder 730 and audio decoder 740 execute decode processes while synchronizing their output timings with the output from DVD decoder unit 101, in accordance with an instruction from secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720.
 Control signals instructed by secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 include instructions of the video position, the degree of scaling, that of a transparency process, a chroma color process, and the like to video decoder 730, and a volume control instruction, channel mixing instruction, 
and the like to audio decoder 740.
 When the user designates fastforwarding, jump, or the like via a remote controller or the like, event . handler 630 acquires an event from the remote controller, and notifies the script engine of interpreter unit 205 of that event. The script engine runs in accordance with the markup/script description of an XML file used to execute playback control, and confirms the presence/absence of an event handler of the remote controller process. If the XML file used to execute the playback control defines an explicit behavior, the script engine executes a process according tp the description; if nothing is defined, it executes a predetermined process. When fastforwarding is to be executed as a result of the user's remote controller process, interpreter unit 205 instructs DVD playback controller 102 and secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 to execute fastforwarding. DVD playback controller 102 re-configures a read schedule of VOBS data to change a data read process from the DVD disc in accordance with the fastforwarding instruction from interpreter unit 205. In this way, control is made to supply required data to fastforwarding playback of DVD playback controller 102 and DVD decoder unit 101 without causing any underflow. Since data to be supplied to secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 are stored in 
correspondence with the main picture data allocation, secondary picture data suited to fastforwarding playback are supplied from demultiplexer 700 in synchronism with the data read process required for fastforwarding executed by DVD playback controller 102.
 Upon playing back stream data based on the secondary picture/streaming playback control, secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 instructs streaming manager 710 to read streaming data on a predetermined network server and to supply the read data to itself on the basis of a playback control signal from interpreter unit 205.
 Streaming manager 710 requests network manager 212 to execute a protocol control process of actual streaming data reception, and acquires data from the network server. At this time, for example, when the bit rate of the streaming data is high, look-ahead cashing of streaming data is made using a streaming buffer area on data cache 620 which is set in advance based on startup information, thus making control for broadening, e.g., an allowance of reception bit rate variations of streaming data.
 In this case, streaming manager 710 temporarily stores streaming data from the network server in the streaming buffer on data cache 620, and supplies data stored in the streaming buffer on data cache 620 in response to a streaming data read request from 
secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720. When no streaming buffer is assured on data cache 620, streaming manager 710 sequentially outputs streaming data acquired from the network server to. secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720.
 When secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 performs playback control of streaming data on the network, it need not always perform playback in synchronism with video picture playback of DVD playback engine 100. For this reason, secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 need not play back any streaming data even when DVD playback engine 100 does not perform any video picture playback, or it need not synchronize the playback state of streaming data with that (e.g., a special playback state such as a fastforwarding state or pause state) of DVD playback engine 100.
 Upon executing the playback process of streaming data read from a streaming server on the network, data supply underflow is likely to occur. In this case, a priority process can be designated in the description of the markup/script language of advanced content to flexibly define behaviors as follows. For example, the playback process of DVD playback engine 100 is preferentially executed, and DVD-Video playback is continued even when streaming data is interrupted. Alternatively, playback of streaming data is 
preferentially executed, and DVD-Video playback is interrupted when streaming data is interrupted. Data to be played back by secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 may be video data alone or audio data alone.
 An example of the functions of respective modules which form the system block diagram of FIG. 100 will be explained below.
 Persistent storage 216: It stores generated file data, file data downloaded from the Internet/home network, and the like in accordance with an instruction from interpreter unit 205. Data stored in persistent storage 216 are held even when the ON/OFF event of the power switch of the DVD-Video player occurs. Interpreter unit 205 can erase data in persistent storage 216.
 DVD disc 1: It stores advanced content and DVD- Video data. Sector data on the DVD disc are read in accordance with read requests from the file system and demultiplexer.
 File system 600: It manages the file system for respective recording modules/devices, and provides a file access function to file data read/write requests from the advanced object manager and the like. As an example of the file system for respective recording modules/devices, when persistent storage 216 comprises a FLASH memory, a file system for the FLASH memory is 
used to control to average memory rewrite accesses. DVD disc 1 is accessed using a UDF or ISO9660 file system. As for files on the network, network manager 212 executes actual protocol control such as HTTP, TCP/IP, and the like, and the file system itself relays the file access function to network manager 212. The file system manages data cache 620 as, e.g., a RAM disc.
 Network manager 212: It provides a read (write as needed) function of file data provided on an HTTP server on the network to the file system. It also executes actual protocol control in accordance with a sequential read request of stream data from streaming manager 710, acquires the requested data from the streaming server on the network, and passes the acquired data to streaming manager 710.
 Demultiplexer 700: It reads data on the DVD disc in accordance with a read instruction of sector data that store IFO/VOBS data from DVD playback controller 102 (and the secondary picture/streaming playback controller when secondary picture data alone is played . back) . As for multiplexed data of the read data, demultiplexer 700 supplies demultiplexed data to appropriate processing units. Demultiplexer 700 supplies IFO data to the DVD playback controller and secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720. Demultiplexer 700 outputs main 
 picture/sub-picture/audio data associated with DVD- Video stored in a VOBS to DVD decoder unit 101, and control information (NV__PCK) to DVD playback controller 102. Demultiplexer 700 outputs control information and picture/audio data associated with secondary picture data to secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720. When advanced objects are multiplexed in a VOBS, these data are output to advanced object manager 610. Parser 210: It parses the markup language described in an XML file and outputs the parsed result to interpreter unit 205.
 Advanced object manager 610: It manages an advanced object file to be handled by interactive engine 200. Upon reception of an access request to an advanced object file from parser 210, interpreter unit 205, media decoder unit 208, and the like, advanced object manager 610 confirms the storage state of file data on data cache 620 managed by manager 610. If the requested file data is stored in data cache 620, ■ advanced object manager 610 reads data from data cache 620, and outputs the file data to a module that issued the read request. If the requested data is not stored in data cache 620, advanced object manager 610 reads file data from the DVD disc, a network server on the Internet/home network, or the like, which stores corresponding data, onto data cache 620, and simultaneously outputs the file data to a module that 
issued the read request. As for data stored in persistent storage 216, advanced object manager 610 does not normally execute any cache process to data cache 620. As another principal function of advanced object manager 610, when multiplexed advanced object data is stored in VOBS data loaded by demultiplexer 700, advanced object manager 610 temporarily stores these data output from demultiplexer 700, and stores them in data cache 620 at a timing at which they can be stored as file data. When an advanced object file is stored in VOBS data in a format that compresses one or a plurality of files together, advanced object manager 610 temporarily stores divided data to a size that allows decompression, and then decompresses and stores data in data cache 620 as file data.
 Advanced object manager 610 stores advanced object data in data cache 620, and timely deletes a file, which becomes unnecessary in playback of the advanced content of interactive engine 200, from data cache 620, in accordance with an instruction from interpreter unit 205 or a predetermined rule. With this delete process, the data cache area having a limited size can be effectively used in accordance with the progress of playback of the advanced content.
 Interpreter unit 205: This is a module for controlling the behavior of entire interactive engine 
200. It initializes data cache 620 and DVD playback controller 102 in accordance with startup information, loading information, or playback sequence information parsed by parser 210. In the playback process of the advanced content, interpreter unit 205 passes layout information, style information, script information, and timing information parsed by parser 210 to respective processing modules, sends control signals to media decoder unit 208, secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720, DVD playback controller 102, and the like in accordance with their descriptions, and executes playback control among modules.
 Layout, engine: The layout engine (one of internal components of interpreter unit 205) handles information associated with objects used in graphics output of the advanced content. It manages definitions, attribute information, and layout information on the screen of moving picture/animation, still picture, text/font, sound objects, and the like, and also manages association information with style information about modifications upon rendering.
 Style engine: The style engine (one of internal components of interpreter unit 205) manages information associated with detailed modifications upon rendering of rendering objects managed by the layout engine. script engine: The script engine (one of internal components of interpreter unit 205) manages 
descriptions associated with handler processes that pertain to button depression events from a user interface device (U/I device) such as a remote controller or the like and event messages from the system manager. Event handler 630 defines processing content upon occurrence of a corresponding event, and the script engine changes parameters of graphics rendering objects, and control of DVD playback controller 102, secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720, and the like in accordance with its description.
 Timing engine: The timing engine (one of internal components pf interpreter unit 205) controls scheduled processes associated with the behavior of graphics rendering objects and playback of secondary picture/streaming data. The timing engine refers to system clock 214, and when system clock 214 matches the timing of the scheduled control process, the timing engine controls respective modules to execute the playback process of the advanced content.
 Media decoder unit 208: It executes the decode process of advanced objects in accordance with a control signal from interpreter unit 205. Media to be handled by media decoder unit 208 include cell animation that successively plays back still images of PNG/JPEG or the like as moving picture data, vector animation that successively renders vector' graphics, 
and the like. Media decoder unit 208 can handle JPEG, PNG, GIF, and the like as still picture data. Upon rendering text data, media' decoder unit 208 mainly refers to font data such as vector font • (open font) and the like and executes rendering of text data designated by interpreter unit 205. As sound data, those which have relatively short playback times such as PCM, MP3, and the like are assumed. Such sound data is mainly used a sound effect involved in an event such as button clicking or the like. Of the decode results of media decoder unit 208, the outputs associated with graphics are output to graphics superposing unit 750. Also, sound outputs are output to audio mixer 770.
 Graphics superposing unit 750: It superposes the outputs of graphics rendering objects output from media decoder unit 208 in accordance with the descriptions of the layout engine and style engine, and generates output image frame data. Most of rendering objects have transparency process information, and graphics superposing unit 750 also executes a transparency calculation process of these objects. The generated output image frame data is output to video mixer 760.
 Data cache 620: It is mainly used in two use applications. In one use application, data cache 620 is used as a file cache of an advanced object file, and temporarily stores an advanced object file on the DVD' disc or network. In the other use application, data 
cache 620 is used as a buffer of streaming data, and is managed by streaming manager 710. The allocations and sizes of the data cache used as the file cache and streaming buffer may be described in startup • information or the like and may be managed for respective advanced content, or the data cache may be used to have predetermined allocations.
 Streaming manager 710: It manages supply of streaming data between secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 and network manager 212. When the bit rate of streaming data is relatively small and the streaming buffer need not be used, streaming manager 710.controls network manager 212 to sequentially supply streaming data acquired from a streaming server to secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720.
 When the bit rate of streaming data is relatively large, streaming manager 710 can control supply of streaming data using the streaming buffer which is explicitly assured by the producer of advanced content. Streaming manager 710 stores data to be supplied to secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 in the streaming buffer assured on data cache 620 in accordance with instructions of the streaming buffer size and read-ahead size interpreted by interpreter unit 205. When the data of the instructed read-ahead size is stored in the stream buffer, streaming manager 
710 begins to supply streaming data to secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720. At the same time, as soon as a free space of a given size is assured on the streaming buffer, streaming manager 710 issues a data acquisition request to the streaming server, thus efficiently managing the streaming buffer.
 Secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720: It executes playback control of streaming data supplied from streaming manager 710 and secondary picture data supplied from demultiplexer 700 in accordance with a playback control signal from Interpreter unit 205.
 Video decoder 730: It plays back video picture data supplied from secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 in accordance with a control signal from secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720. When video picture data is secondary picture data supplied from demultiplexer 700 or when it is instructed to synchronize streaming data with DVD video picture playback, video decoder 730 decodes data to synchronize the output timing of DVD decoder unit 101 with its output timing, and outputs decoded data to video mixer 760.
 Video decoder 730 has a chroma color process function for video picture data as its characteristic function. It manages a chroma color area designated by a specific one color or a plurality of colors as a 
transparent area to form output frame data of video mixer 760.
 Audio decoder 740: It plays back audio data supplied from secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720 in accordance with a control signal from secondary picture/streaming playback controller 720. When audio data is that of secondary picture data supplied from demultiplexer 700 or when it is instructed to synchronize streaming data with DVD video picture playback, audio decoder 740 decodes data to synchronize the output timing of DVD decoder unit 101 with its output timing, and outputs decoded data to audio mixer, 770.
 DVD playback controller 102: It acquires playback control data of DVD-Video from demultiplexer 700 on the basis of a playback control signal from interpreter unit 205, and executes playback control of main picture/sub-picture/audio data of DVD decoder unit 101. DVD decoder unit 101: It comprises an audio decoder, main picture decoder, sub-picture decoder, and the like, and manages decode processes and output processes while synchronizing respective decoder outputs in accordance with a control signal from DVD playback controller 102. ' ■ Audio decoder: The audio decoder in DVD decoder unit 101 decodes audio data supplied from demultiplexer 700 and outputs the decoded data to audio mixer 770 in 
accordance with a control signal from DVD playback controller 102.
 Main picture decoder:' The main picture decoder in
 DVD decoder unit 101 decodes main picture data supplied from demultiplexer 700 and outputs the decoded data to video mixer 760 in accordance with a control signal from DVD playback controller 102.
 Sub-picture decoder: The sub-picture decoder in
 DVD decoder unit 101 decodes sub-picture data supplied from demultiplexer 700 and outputs the decoded data to video mixer 760 in accordance with a control signal from DVD playback controller 102.
 Video mixer 760: It receives output frames from graphics superposing unit 750, video decoder 730, the main picture decoder and sub-picture decoder in DVD decoder unit 101, and the cursor module,_ generates an output frame in accordance with a predetermined superposing rule, and outputs a video output signal.
 In general, each frame data has transparency information as the whole frame data or at an object or pixel level, and video mixer 760 superposes output frames from respective modules using such transparency information.
 Audio mixer 770: It receives audio data from media decoder unit 208, audio decoder 740, and the audio decoder in DVD decoder unit 101, and generates and outputs an output audio signal in accordance with a 
predetermined mixing rule.
 System manager 800: It can provide an interface for status and control of respective modules in the DVD-Video player. Interpreter unit 205 acquires the status of DVD-Video player or can change the behavior via an application interface (API) or the like provided by the system manager.
 Network connection controller (NIC) : This is a module that implements a network connection function, and corresponds to an Ethernet controller (Ethernet is the registered trade name) or the like. The NIC provides information such as connection status of a network cable and the like via the system manager.
 Disc drive controller: It corresponds to a reading device of a DVD disc, and provides status information such as the presence/absence of a DVD disc on a disc tray, disc type, and the like.
 Memory controller: It manages the system memory: it provides an area to be used as data cache 620, and executes access management of a work memory used by respective software (firmware) modules.
 FLASH memory controller: It provides an area used as persistent storage 216, and executes access management to the FLASH memory that stores execution codes and the like of respective software (firmware) modules .
 Remote controller: It executes remote control of 
 the DVD-Video player, and generates a button depression event of the user to event handler 630.
 Keyboard: It executes keyboard control of the DVD-Video player, and generates a keyboard depression ■ event of the user to event handler 630.
 Timer: It supplies system clocks, and provides a timer function used by the DVD playback tine.
 Cursor: It generates a pointer image of the remote controller or the like, and changes the position of the pointer image upon depression of direction keys and the like.
 Interpreter unit 205 in FIG. 100 outputs a playback control signal to DVD playback controller 102. In this playback control signal, a new command is added to the conventional DVD playback control command, thus allowing more flexible playback control.. That is, in order to define playback sequence information of an advanced VTS using the aforementioned playback sequence information (which corresponds to the PBSEQOOl.XML file in FIG. 2, and is information stored in playback sequence information recording area 215A in FIG. 50, playback sequence information externally fetched via the Internet or the like, or playback sequence information which is generated by the system firmware when the user freely re-arranges chapter icons and is stored in persistent storage 216) , a command for initializing using the playback sequence information 
must be issued from interactive engine 200 to DVD playback engine 100.
 An "InitPBSEQ () command" is a command which is newly defined for the aforementioned purpose, and allows interpreter unit 205 to notify DVD playback controller 102 of the playback sequence information of an advanced VTS to be played back and to initialize it. As an argument of the "InitPBSEQ command", sequence information of the PGC number, PTT numbers, and the like as a basis of the playback sequence is given (see FIGS. 95 to 98) . If the advanced VTS includes a plurality of PGCs, the PGC number specifies a PGC to be selected. The PTT numbers can define the order of chapters to be played back with reference to the PGC_PGMAP number in the PGC designated by the PGC number. Since only one advanced VTS is stored on the DVD disc, and includes only one title, they need not be designated.
 Note that the playback order can be described using cell units, as described above. In this case, the argument of the "InitPBSEQ command" is sequence information of the PGC number and cell numbers. The cell numbers can define the order of cells to be played back with reference to the C_PBIT number in the PGC designated by the PGC number. If the advanced VTS includes only one PGC, the argument of the PGC number in an "InitPBSEQ function" need not be used. 
 To summarize, the apparatus in FIG. 100 is configured to include the following elements. That is, the apparatus is configured to comprise a video playback engine (100) which plays back expanded video objects (EVOBs) from an information storage medium (disc 1); and an interactive engine (200) which acquires advanced content as information (e.g., 21A to 21E in FIG. 50) different from the recording content of a video data recording area from the information storage medium or an external server, and outputs an AV output corresponding to at least one of the playback output of the video playback engine and the content of the advanced content in accordance with the description of a markup language. The processing that "outputs an AV output corresponding to at least one of the playback output of the video playback engine and the content of the advanced content in accordance with the description of a markup language" can correspond to ST102 to ST104 + ST108 or ST106 + ST108 in FIG. 99. FIG. 101 shows an example of the data structure of an advanced HD video title set program chain information table (AHDVTS_PGCIT) recorded in advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) . As shown in FIG. 101, advanced HD video title set program chain information table (AHDVTS_PGCIT) 512 records information of advanced HD video title set PGCI information table (AHDVTS PGCITI) 512a including 
information of the number (AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP_Ns) of AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP data and the end address (AHDVTS_PGCIT_EA) of the AHDVTS_PGCIT. In addition, the advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) includes AHDVTS_PGCI search pointers (AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP) 512b and PGC information (AHDVTS_PGCI) 512c as program chain information in correspondence with the number indicated by AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP_Ns. Each AHDVTS_PGCI search pointer (AHDVTS_PGCI_SRP) 512b includes information of an AHDVTS_PGC category (AHDVTS_PGC_CAT) indicating the type of AHDVTS_PGC, and the start address (AHDVTS_PGCI_SA) of AHDVTS_PGCI. Note that the AHDVTS_PGC .category can have the same content as in FIG. 24. FIG. 102 shows an example of the plane configuration upon superposing the output frames of respective modules in video mixer 760 in FIG. 100. In this example, main picture plane MVX output from the main picture decode in DVD decoder unit 101 is arranged at the lowermost position of the superposed planes. Main picture plane MVX normally does not have transparency information.
 Secondary picture plane SVX is arranged on main picture plane MVX. The output of this secondary picture plane SVX includes video picture data of streaming data (in this embodiment, video picture decoding processes of secondary picture and streaming 
data are exclusive, and these data are never decoded at the same time) . Secondary picture plane SVX can have a transparency value of the entire plane as the superposing process with main picture data, and a chroma color process can be applied to a non- transparent pixel region.
 This chroma color process may be executed by video decoder 730, and may be implemented in a format including transparency information as output data of video decoder 730. In this case, the transparency information of, e.g., a chroma color region is 0% (full transparency) , and the remaining region has a transparency value applied to secondary picture data. The chroma color process may be executed by video mixer 760. In this case, for example, output data from video decoder 730 includes image frame data including a chroma color and chroma color information, and transparency value information for the secondary picture plane. Video mixer 760 applies a transparency process to a region designated by the chroma color to be fully transparent and the remaining region to have an input transparency value on the basis of the input image frame data.
 Sub-picture plane SPX arranged on secondary picture plane SVX is the output from the sub-picture decoder in DVD decoder unit 101. On sub-picture plane SPX, a transparency value can be applied to sub-picture 
rendering objects (text and highlight information) .
 Graphics plane GRX arranged on sub-picture plane SPX is the output frame of 'the graphics superposing unit, and a transparency value is applied to this plane at a pixel level. A transparency value of the entire object is generally designated for an advanced object using the markup language. When a rendering object itself can describe a transparency value at a pixel level like PNG data, a transparency value obtained by multiplying that for each pixel of the object itself and that for the entire object becomes the transparency value of the object image at the pixel level. Graphics superposing ,unit 750 executes superposing and transparency processes of a plurality of rendering objects, and outputs the final color values and transparency values of graphics plane GRX as output data to video mixer 760.
 Cursor plane CUX arranged on graphics plane GRX is a plane of a pointer image of the remote controller, mouse, or the like, and is arranged at the uppermost position -of all the image planes. In general, cursor plane CUX uses a transparency value for the entire pointer image.
 Video mixer 760 executes the superposing process of the output image frames of respective modules in accordance with superposing models defined as described above. Note that the above definition is an example of 
the superposing rule in video mixer 760, and a different superposing order of planes may be used or another transparency value process may be applied.
 Another embodiment (an example without entry time entry) of time map information (TMAPI) shown in
 FIGS. 58 to 61 will be described below with reference to FIGS. 103 to 107. FIGS. 103 and 104 show an example of the time map configuration for EVOBs allocated in a contiguous block. FIG. 103 shows example 1 in which one TMAPI is stored in one TMAP file, and FIG. 104 shows example 2 in which one or more pieces of TMAPI are stored in one TMAP file. As shown in FIGS. 103 and 104, one EVOB corresponds to one TMAPI, and a structure that allows time to each EVOB ( address conversion using each TMAPI stored in a file is adopted. Each TMAPI includes one or more pieces of EVOBU entry information, and EVOBUs in each EVOB can be accessed using this information.
 FIG. 105 shows an example of the time map configuration for EVOBs which are allocated in an interleaved block and form angles, so as to allow the user to attain seamless angle switching. As shown in FIG. 105, an EVOB for one angle corresponds to one TMAPI, and a structure that allows time to each EVOB ( address conversion using each TMAPI stored in the file is adopted as in the EVOB time map allocated in the contiguous block. Each TMAPI includes one or more 
pieces of EVOBU entry information and one or more pieces of ILVU entry information, and the head of each ILVU in each EVOB and each' EVOBU in that ILVU, which are allocated in the interleaved block, .can be accessed.
 Since each EVOB allocated in the interleaved block is stored in one file, all pieces of time map information required to play back that angle period can be acquired, and required files need not be searched for each time, thus improving the processing efficiency.
 FIGS. 106 and 107 show an example of the data structure of a time map including no time entry. As shown in FIG. 106, a time map information (TMAPI) table includes TMAP information table information (TMAPITI) indicating the configuration of TMAPI stored in a file, a TMAP information search pointer group (TMAPI_SRPs) that gives a search pointer to each stored TMAPI, and a TMAP information group (TMAPIs) that stores EVOBU entry information of each TMAPI.
 Time map information table information TMAPITI includes information (TMAPI_Ns) indicating the number of pieces of TMAPI stored in a TMAP file, block type information (TMAP_TYPE) indicating whether the block type of an EVOB stored in the TMAP file is a contiguous block (= 0) or interleaved block (= 1) , angle type information (AGL TYPE) indicating whether the angle 
 type of an EVOB stored in the TMAP file is no angle (= 0), non-seamless angle (= 1), or seamless angle (= 2), and information (TMAPIT_EA)' indicating the end address of the table. • Each time map information search pointer TMAPI_SRP includes information (TMAPI_SA) indicating the start address of target TMAPI, information (EVOB_IDN) indicating the identification number of an EVOB designated by the target TMAPI, information (EVOB_ADR) indicating the start address of the EVOB designated by the target TMAPI, information (EVOB_PB_TM) indicating the playback time of the EVOB designated by the target TMAPI using,, e.g., the number of fields, information (EVOBU_ENTI_Ns) indicating the number of pieces of EVOBU entry information stored in the target TMAPI, information (ILVU_ENTI_Ns: if no interleaved block is formed, ILVU_ENTI_Ns = 0) indicating the number of pieces of ILVU entry information stored in the target TMAPI, and information (AGLN: if no angle block is formed, AGLN = 0) indicating the angle number of the EVOB of the target TMAPI.
 As shown in FIG. 107, each time map information TMAPI includes an EVOBU_ENTI group and ILVU_ENTI group. The EVOBU_ENTI group includes one or more pieces of EVOBU entry information (EVOBU_ENTI) . Each EVOBU_ENTI includes a size (EVOBU_SZ) of each EVOBU stored in an EVOB, which is indicated by, e.g., the number of packs, 
a playback time (ESOBU_PB_TM) indicated by, e.g., the number of fields, and a size (1STREF_SZ) of first reference picture data, which is indicated by, e.g., the number of packs) . The ILVU_ENTI group includes one or more ILVU entry information (ILVU_ENTI) . Each ILVU_ENTI includes the start address (ILVU_ADR) of each ILVU stored in an EVOB, and a size (ILVU_SZ) of each ILVU, which is indicated by, e.g., the number of EVOBUs. FIG. 108 shows an example of the structure which is different from that of a navigation pack (NV_PCK) shown in FIG. 63. As in NV_PCK, a general control information, pack (GCI_PCK) allocated at the head of an EVOBU uses standard GCI_PCK shown in FIG. 108 (a) in an EVOB in a standard VTS. This pack includes general control information (GCI) stored in a general control information packet (GCI_PKT) , presentation control information (PCI) stored in a presentation control packet (PCI_PKT) , and data search information (DSI) stored in a data search information packet (DSI_PKT) . Also, in an EVOB in an advanced VTS, an advanced GCI_PCK shown in FIG. 108 (b) is used. This pack includes general control information (GCI) stored in a general control information packet (GCI_PKT) and data search information (DSI) stored in a data search information packet (DSI_PKT) .
 FIG. 109 shows information stored in the general 
control information (GCI) . The general control information includes information (GCI_GI) associated with the entire EVOBU and pack in which that information is stored, information (DCI_CCI_SS) indicating the states of copy control information and display control information in the EVOBU and pack, display control information (DCI) indicating the aspect ratio and the like, copy control information (CCI) such as CGMS information, analog copy control information, and the like, recording information (RECI) that gives copyright information such as ISRC data or the like, and so forth.
 FIG. 110 shows another embodiment of the data structure of advanced VTS 151a. As shown in FIG. 110, advanced HD video title set information (AHDVTSI) area 51 shown in FIG. 51 (e) is divided into areas (management information groups) including advanced HD video title set information management table (AHDVTSI_MAT) 510a including no attribute information of video data, audio data, and the like, advanced HD video title set search pointer table (AHDVTS_PTT_SRPT) 511a used to search for the head of a part of title (PTT) corresponding to a chapter part of a title, advanced HD video title set program chain information table (AHDVTS_PGCIT) 512a that gives the playback sequence of a title, advanced HD video title set attribute information table (AHDVTS ATRIT) 515a that 
gives attribute information of each EVOB, and advanced HD video title set expanded video object set information table (AHDVTS_EVOBIT) 516a that gives information of each EVOB. FIG. Ill shows an example of the data structure which shows the content of the advanced HD video title set attribute information table (AHDVTS_ATRIT) . As shown in FIG. Ill, AHDVTS_ATRIT 515a includes advanced HD video title set attribute information table information (AHDVTS_ATRITI) , one or more advanced HD video title set attribute information search pointers (AHDVTS_ATRI_SRP) , and one or more pieces of advanced HD video title set attribute information (AHDVTS_ATRI) .
 The advanced HD video title set attribute information table information (AHDVTS_ATRITI) has
 (AHDVTS_ATRI_SRP_Ns) indicating the number of pieces of attribute information stored in the table (the number of AHDVTS_ATRI_SRPs) , and • (AHDVTS_ATRIT_EA) indicating the end address of the table. The advanced HD video title set attribute information search pointer
 (AHDVTS_ATRI_SRP) has (AHDVTS_ATRI_SA) indicating the start address of each attribute information. The advanced HD video title set attribute information (AHDVTS_ATRI) indicates attribute information for a corresponding EVOB.
 More specifically, the AHDVTS_ATRT has information (AHDVTS_V_ATR) indicating video attribute information 
such as MPEG-2, MPEG-4 AVC (H.264), SMPTE VC-I, and the like stored in an EVOB, information (AHDVTS_AST_Ns) indicating the number of audio streams, audio stream ' attribute information (AHDVTS_AST_ATR) such as DD+, DTS++, MLP, LPCM, and the like (all of DD for Dolby Digital, DTS for Digital Theater System, and MLP for Meridian Lossless Packing are the registered trade names) stored in an EVOB, multi-channel audio stream attribute information (AHDVTS_MU_AST_ATR) , information (AHDVTS_SPST_Ns) indicating the number of sub-picture streams, sub-picture stream attribute information (AHDVTS_SPST_ATR) indicating the SD size (2 bits/pixel), HD size (2 bits/pixel), SD/HD size (8 bits/pixel), or the like stored in an EVOB, information (AHDVTS_SPST_SDPLT) indicating a color palette for sub-picture SD, information
 (AHDVTS_SPST_HDPLT) indicating a color palette for sub- picture HD, and the like.
 FIG. 112 shows an example of the data structure that shows the content of the advanced HD video title set EVOB information table (AHDVTS_EVOBIT) . As shown . in FIG. 112, AHDVTS_EVOBIT 51βa includes advanced HD video title set EVOB information table information (AHDVTS_EVOBITI) , one or more advanced HD video title set EVOB information search pointers
 (AHDVTS_EVOBI_SRP) , and one ore more pieces of advanced HD video title set EVOB information (AHDVTS EVOBI) . 
 The advanced HD video title set EVOB information table information (AHDVTS_EVOBITI) has information (AHDVTS_EVOBI_SRP_Ns) indicating the number of pieces of EVOB information stored in the table (the number of AHDVTS_EVOBI_SRPs) and information (AHDVTS_EVOBIT_EA) indicating the end address of the table. Note that the advanced HD video title set EVOB information search pointer (AHDVTS_EVOBI_SRP) has information (AHDVTS_EVOBI_SA) indicating the start address of each EVOBI. The advanced HD video title set EVOB information (AHDVTS_EVOBI) has information (EV0B_IDN) of an EVOB identification number used to identify each EVOB, information (EVOB_ATRN) of an EVOB attribute information number indicating an attribute corresponding to each EVOB, information
 (TMAP_FILE_NAME) indicating the time map file name that stores time map information used to access each EVOB, and the like. Note that the number described in EV0B_ATRN is the number indicated by the advanced HD video title set attribute information search pointer (AHDVTS_ATRI_SRP#) of the advanced HD video title set attribute information table (AHDVTS_ATRIT) .
 Next, still another embodiment of the present invention will be described. The object of this embodiment is to provide a method of reading out data in order to play back a Movie Object (to be referred to as a Primary hereinafter) serving as a playback 
subject, and an Advanced Object (to be referred to as a Secondary hereinafter) which can be played back simultaneously with playback of the Movie Object. In order to achieve this object, two methods are available. One is a method of multiplexing (MUXing) the Primary and the Secondary as one program stream (PS), and the other is a method of multiplexing the Primary and the Secondary as two PSs. When the Primary and the Secondary are multiplexed as the two PSs, the Primary and the Secondary can be multiplexed using Pack units or Access Units (AUs) in an Angle format.
 FIG. 113 shows an example of a case (case 1) wherein one, program stream (IPS) obtained by multiplexing the Primary Object (Movie Object) and the Secondary Object (Advanced Object) is recorded on a disc, and the Advance Object (Secondary Object) is independently present as another program stream on an external communication line (Web) .
 In the case 1, the Primary/Secondary may be multiplexed (MUXed) as one PS using Pack units. In this case, as shown in FIG. 113,, the Objects of the Primary and Secondary are managed in accordance with video title set information (VTSI: corresponding to an HVDVD_TS file shown in FIG. 2, AHDVTSI in FIG. 52, and the like) , and the Secondary information is managed in accordance with advanced object information (AOBI: corresponding to an ADV OBJ file in FIG. 2) . FIG. 114 
shows a Decoding model for this arrangement.
 ' FIG. 114 is a view for explaining the decoding model in case 1. The PS sent from the Disc (corresponding to disc 1 shown in FIGS. 1, 50, 51, 73, 74, and 79) is demultiplexed by first demultiplexer
 (DeMUXl) 114a to send the PS to Decoders 114n to 114s of the Primary and Secondary. The demultiplexed PSs are stored in Input Buffers 114g to 114m. The Secondary Contentent from the Web is temporarily stored in Buffer 114f for playing back in synchronism with the Disc, and then sent to Input Buffers 114k and 114m via second demultiplexer (DeMUX2) 114b and switches SWl and SW2. By mixing Data decoded by Decoders 114n to 114s, the Objects of the Primary and Secondary can be displayed simultaneously (synchronously) .
 Next, a case wherein two PSs including the Primary as one program stream (one PS) and the Secondary as one PS are used will be described. FIG. 115 shows an example of a case (case 2-1) wherein the PSs of the Primary and Secondary Objects are recorded as two program streams (PS-I VOB and PS-2 VOB) obtained by multiplexing these objects using pack units, and the Advanced Object (Secondary Object) is independently present as another PS on the external communication line (Web) . In case 2-1, two objects are multiplexed (MUX) using Pack units.
 FIG. 116 is a view for explaining the decoding 
model in case 2-1. The content on the Disc is divided into the Primary and Secondary streams by first demultiplexer (DeMUXl) 116a. The divided streams are sent to second demultiplexer (DeMUX2) 116b and third demultiplexer (DeMUX3) 116c in order to send the divided streams to the corresponding Decoders. Since the Secondary content is sent from the network (Web) , the DeMUX3 116c selectively receives the content from the Web (if there is content on the Web) or the Disc (if there is no content on the Web), via switch SW3.
 FIG. 117 shows an example of a case (case 2-2) wherein the PSs of the Primary and Secondary Objects are multiplexed and recorded as the two program streams using access units (AUs), and the Advanced Object (Secondary Object) is independently present as another PS on the external communication line (Web) . In case 2-2, the two PSs are multiplexed using AUs. In this case, in the arrangement similar to that of an ILVU on a currently used DVD-Video, the recorded content of the Primary and Secondary can be displayed simultaneously (synchronously) by simultaneously displaying a plurality of Angles.
 Note that in case 2-2, in comparison with case 2- 1, the size of each access unit is increased. (The pack size in case 2-1 is only 2 kB. However, in case 2-2, since the access unit includes the plurality of packs, the size of the access unit becomes relatively large.) 
Hence, upon storage of the object data in Input Buffer (e.g., 116g shown in FIG. 116), the object data is started to be supplied to the Decoder. After that', the data loading rate of the Input Buffer cannot catch up with the consuming rate (data readout rate of Input Buffer) of the buffering data. A countermeasure for this problem will be described below.
 FIG. 118 is a view for explaining the decoding model in case 2-2. In this model, Buffers 118d to 118f for stably supplying data to second demultiplexer
 (DeMUX2) 118b and third demultiplexer (DeMUX3) 118c are connected to the output of first demultiplexer (DeMUXl) 118a. (The maximum data amount to be buffered to these Buffers, i.e., buffer size to be used can be determined on the basis of the simulation result of the disc or Web to be actually used. More specifically, Buffer 118f for the Web is preferably large enough to avoid the complete consumption of the buffering data even when the data transmission from the external communication line is unstable.)
 Next, a method of using a stream_id to indicate the Content of the Primary or Secondary will be described. Each of these Demultiplexers (DeMUXl to DeMUX3) demultiplexes the stream by using this stream_id (and sub_stream_id as needed) . This demultiplexing process is performed to send the Data to Input Buffers 118g to 118m which respectively output 
the demultiplexed data to Decoders 118n to 118s. As the setting method of the stream__id and sub_stream_id, two methods are available. One is a method of defining an identifier (id) for the Secondary Content in a private_steaml in the currently used DVD- Video standard (see FIGS. 119 to 121), and the other is a method of newly providing a private__stream3 to have a Secondary id (see FIGS. 122 to 125) .
 FIG. 119 is a view for explaining an example of the stream_id which is used to identify the content of the Primary and Secondary Objects (when the private_streaml is used to identify the objects) . As needed, this stream_id includes "110x0***b" indicating an MPEG audio stream *** corresponding to a decoding audio stream number, "11100000b" indicating a video stream, "10111101b" indicating the private_streaml, "10111111b" indicating the private_stream2, and others (e.g., an area which is not currently used) .
 FIG. 120 shows an example of the arrangement of the sub_stream_id for the private_streaml in the stream_id shown in FIG. 119. As needed, this sub_stream__id includes "001*****b" indicating the sub- picture stream, "01001000b" for reservation, "011*****b" for reservation for an expanded sub- picture, "10000***b" indicating the Dolby AC-3 (registered trademark) , "10001***b" optionally indicating the DTS (registered trademark) audio stream, 
"10010***b" optionally indicating the SDDS (registered trademark) audio stream, "10l00***b" indicating a linear PCM audio stream, "11111111b" indicating a stream defined by a content provider, "10010001b" indicating the MPEG2 picture stream of the Secondary
 Content, "10010010b" indicating the MPEG4/AVC stream of the Secondary Content, "10010011b" indicating the VC-I stream of the Secondary Content, "11000***b" indicating the Dolby Digital+ (registered trademark) stream of the Secondary Content, "11001***b" indicating the DTSHD (registered trademark) stream of the Second Content, "11010***b" indicating the SDDS (registered trademark) audio stream of the Secondary Content, "11100***b" indicating the linear PCM audio stream of the Secondary Content, and others (for future presentation data) .
 FIG. 121 shows an example of the arrangement of the sub_stream_id for the private_stream2 in the stream_id shown in FIG. 119. As needed, this sub_stream_id includes "00000000b" indicating the stream of a Presentation Control Information (PCI), "00000001b" indicating the stream of a Data Search Information (DSI), "11111111b" indicating the stream defined by the content provider, and others (for future navigation data) . FIG. 122 is a view for explaining another example of the stream_id used to identify the content of the • Primary and Secondary Objects (when the private_stream3 
 is newly provided to identify the objects) . As needed, this stream_id includes "110x0***b" indicating an MPEG audio stream *** corresponding to the decoding audio stream number, "11100000b" indicating the video stream, ■ "10111101b" indicating the private_streaml, "10111111b" indicating the private_stream2, "10110000b" indicating the private_stream3, and others (e.g., an area which is not currently used) .
 FIG. 123 shows an example of the arrangement of the sub_stream_id for the private_streaml in the stream_id shown in FIG. 122. As needed, this sub_stream_id includes "001*****b" indicating the sub- picture stream, "01001000b" for reservation, "011*****b" for reservation for the expanded sub- picture, "10000***b" indicating the Dolby AC-3
 (registered name) , "10001***b" optionally indicating the DTS (registered name) audio stream, "10010***b" optionally indicating the SDDS (registered name) audio stream, "10100***b" indicating the linear PCM audio stream, "11111111b" indicating the stream defined by the content provider, and others (for future presentation data) . The sub_stream_id for the private_streaml shown in FIG. 123 has the content obtained by excluding the content pertaining to the "Secondary Content" from the sub_stream_id for the private_streaml shown in FIG. 120.
 FIG. 124 shows an example of the arrangement of 
 the sub_stream_id for the private_stream2 in the stream_id shown in FIG. 122. As in the case shown in FIG. 121, as needed, this sub_stream_id includes "00000000b" indicating a PCI stream,. "00.000001b" ■ indicating a DSI stream, "11111111b" indicating the stream defined by the content provider, and others (for future navigation data) .
 FIG. 125 shows an example of the arrangement of the sub_stream_id for the private_stream3 in the stream_id shown in FIG. 122. As needed, this sub_stream_id includes "10010001b" indicating the MPEG2 video stream of the Secondary Content, "10010010b indicating the MPEG4/AVC stream of the Secondary Content, "10010011b" indicating the VC-I stream of the Secondary Content, "11000***b" Indicating the Dolby
 Digital* (registered trademark) stream of the Secondary Content, "11001***b" indicating the DTSHD (registered name) stream of the Secondary Content, "11010***b" indicating the SDDS (registered trademark) audio stream of the Secondary Content, "11100***b" indicating the linear PCM audio stream of the Secondary Content, "11111111b" indicating the stream defined by the content provider, and others (for future presentation data) . The sub_stream_id for the private_stream3 shown in FIG. 125 mainly includes the content pertaining to the "Secondary Content" in the sub_stream_id for the ■ private_streaml shown in FIG. 120. 
 FIG. 126 is a flowchart for explaining an example of the processing sequence when the primary object and/or secondary object is' played back from the disc and/or external communication line (Web).. In FIG. 126, a sequence for playing back the Secondary Content (or Secondary/2ndary Video Set) using a Markup document. That is, when no Markup document is present on the Disc (corresponding to information storage medium 1 shown in FIG. 50 and the like) (NO in step ST202), a player (e.g., a playback apparatus having the arrangement shown in FIG. 100) performs playback using a standard VTS (corresponding to normal DVD-video content, or HDVTSt show.n in FIG. 1) (step ST204) .
 When the Markup document is present on the Disc (YES in step ST202), the player determines whether a NET (Web) connection destination is described in the Markup document. If no connection destination is described (NO in step ST206) , it is checked whether the Secondary Video Set is present using the Markup document on the Disc (step ST208) . If no Secondary Video Set is present (NO in step .ST210) , the Primary Video Set is played back (step ST212) .
 When the NET (Web) connection destination is described in the Markup document (YES in step ST206) , the connection state is checked. If no connection is assured (NO in step ST214), the flow advances similar to the preceding step (NO in step ST206) , and then the 
Primary Video Set is played back (step ST212) or the Secondary Video Set is played back (step ST224), using the Markup document on the' Disc (step ST208) .
 When the NET connection is assured . (YES in step ST214), it is determined whether the Secondary Video
 Set is stored on the NET. If no Secondary Video Set is stored (NO in step ST216) , it is determined whether the Markup document is stored on the NET. If neither Secondary Video Set nor the Markup document are present on the NET (NO in steps ST216 and ST218), the Secondary Video Set is played back (step ST224) or the Primary Video Set is played back (step ST212), using the Markup document on, the Disc (step ST208) .
 If only the Secondary Video Set is present on the NET (YES in step ST216) , and no Markup document is present on the NET (NO in step ST226) , the Secondary Video Set is loaded (step ST230) , and updated attribute information and updated playback information in the TMAP and VTSI are loaded (step ST232) . These loaded pieces of information are added to current playback control information (navigation data) to,start playback of the Secondary Video Set on the NET at the playback start timing of the Markup document on the Disc (step ST234) . Alternatively, when no Secondary Video Set is present on the NET (NO in step ST216) , and only the Markup document is present on the NET (YES in step 
 ST218), the Markup document is updated (step ST220), and then the updated attribute information and the updated playback information in the TMAP and VTSI are loaded (step ST222) . These loaded pieces of • information are added to the current playback control information (navigation data) to start playback of the Secondary Video Set on the Disc at the playback start timing of the updated Markup document (step ST224) .
 In this case, since the Secondary Video Set is not , updated, the TMAP and the like need not be updated. When both of the Markup document and the Secondary Video Set are present (YES in steps ST216 and ST226) , the Markup document is updated (step ST228), and the required information is added (step ST232) . Accordingly, the Secondary Video Set on the NET is played back.
 According to the process shown in FIG. 126, as needed, the Secondary Video Set can be played back from the Disc (step ST224) or the NET (Web) (step ST234) . At this time, an indicator (e.g., LED in different colors) (not shown) may be provided with the player, or the original from which the currently played back Secondary Video Set is obtained may be displayed by OSD (On Screen Display) on the screen of a monitor TV, such that a user can easily recognize whether the Secondary Video Set obtained via the NET connection is currently displayed, or currently played back in accordance with 
the information on the Disc.
 Note that, in accordance with the load attribute (e.g., see <object load = "disc" data> and <object load = "net" data> in description example 3 shown in FIG. 132 to be described later) in the Markup document, it can be determined whether the currently played back Secondary Video Set is obtained from the Disc or NET. Note that in the process shown in FIG. 126, only the playback process of the Secondary Video Set is described. However, of course, the Primary Video Set can be played back from the Disc simultaneously with the playback of the Secondary Video Set. In this case, the used Markup document (step ST208, ST220, or ST228) can designate the playback timing of the Secondary Video Set (from the Disc or NET) with respect to the currently played back Primary Video Set._ This description example of the Markup document will be described with reference to FIGS. 130 to 132.
 FIG. 127 is a view for explaining the playback path of the Primary Object/Primary Content (Primary Video Set) and Secondary Object/Secondary Content (Secondary Video Set) from the Disc. In this example, Secondary Content playback time or playback start enable time upon user's operation is described in the Markup document recorded on the Disc. (This "playback start enable time upon user's operation" corresponds to the duration for holding the Secondary Content in 
Buffers 114f, llβf, 118f, and the like shown in FIGS. 114, 116, and 118.)
 In FIG. 127, in interleaved block period T23 succeeding the period of VOB#1 (Primary .Content) recorded in contiguous block period TOl on the Disc, a VOB#2 (Primary Content) and a VOB#3 (Secondary Content) are interleaved and recorded using ILVUs. A VOB#4 (Primary Content) is recorded in contiguous block period T04 succeeding the recorded period of VOB#2 and VOB#3. At this time, when the V0B#2 is the Primary, and the VOB#3 is the Secondary, the playback start time and playback end time (or playback start available period) of the Secondary Content (VOB#3) are set in the Markup document on the Disc. The playback start and end times are the times for starting and ending playback of the V0B#3, literally. The playback start available duration is a duration in which the Secondary is stored in the Buffer, and playback can be started upon user's operation. For example, period T23 shown in FIG. 127 is the playback available duration, the
 VOB#3 (Secondary Content) can be played back together (simultaneously or synchronously) with the VOB#2 (Primary Content) at the timing defined by the TMAP of the V0B#3, in period T23. FIG. 128 is a view for explaining the playback path of the Primary Object/Primary Content (Primary Video Set) from the Disc, and the Secondary 
 Object/Secondary Content (Secondary Video Set) from the external communication line (NET/Web) . In FIG. 128, in interleaved block period T27 succeeding the period of VOB#1 (Primary Content) recorded in contiguous block ■ period TOl on the Disc, the VOB#2 (Primary Content) and the VOB#3 (Secondary Content) are interleaved and recorded using ILVUs. The VOB#4 (Primary Content) is recorded in contiguous block period T04 succeeding the period of VOB#2 and VOB#3. However, in this example, a V0B#7 (Secondary Content) from the NET/Web is played back together with the VOB#2 (Primary Content) in period T27, in place of the V0B#3 (Secondary Content) from the Digc.
 - In the example shown in FIG. 128, the new Secondary Video Set of the VOB#7, new Markup document, VTSI file, and TMAP file are obtained from the NET. In the new Markup document in this example, the V0B#3 is not described and displayed (even if the VOB#3 is recorded on the Disc) . In addition, since the Markup document and TMAP are updated when the new Markup document is obtained from the NET, the playback duration of the VOB#3 defined in FIG. 127 and the playback duration of the VOB#7 shown in FIG. 128 need not be matched. (That is, if T23 in FIG. 127. = T27 in FIG. 128, the playback durations of the VOB#3 and VOB#7 can be individually and arbitrarily set if each of the' playback durations falls within a time range 
corresponding to period T27.)
 FIG. 129 shows an example of the data structure of a time map information table including the time map type flag (TMAP_TYPE_FL) . In FIG. 129, -the flag (TMAP_TYPE_FL) for determining whether the TMAP is the Primary or Secondary, is added to time map information search pointer 519b in time map information table 519 which is described above with reference to- FIG. 58. Hence, when the player loads and extends the TMAP from the Disc, the current TMAP of the player can be smoothly replaced with a new one.
 Note that in FIG. 129, the TMAP__TYPE_FL includes only one bit since the TMAP_TYPE_FL is only used to determine "whether the TMAP is the Primary or Secondary". However, the TMAP_TYPE_FL can be extended to include a plurality of bits. For example, when the TMAP_TYPE_FL includes' two bits, "00b" can specify the Primary Object TMAP from the Disc, "01b" can specify the Secondary Object TMAP from the Disc, "10b" can specify the Secondary Object TMAP from the NET/Web, and "lib" can specify the Secondary Object TMAP from others.
 FIGS. 130 to 132 are views for explaining description examples 1 to 3 of the Markup document. In these description examples, three types of objects are assumed. That is, the first type is the Primary Content (e.g., <object load = "disc" data = "main.mpg"> 
shown in FIG. 130), and the remaining two object types are the Secondary Content. One of these Secondary Content performs playback in a playback time defined by the TMAP (e.g., <object load = "disc" data = "sec.mpg"> shown in FIG. 131) , and the other starts playback at the timing of user's operation in the playback time of the TMAP (e.g., <object load = "disc" data = "sec2.mpg"> shown in FIG. 132) . These object types can be determined using the data attribute of an object tag, and a type tag. A- server tag (e.g., <server url = "http: //dvdrom/dvd_ihd"> shown in FIG. 130) indicates the connection destination of the NET connection, and an operation as shown in the flowchart in FIG. 126 is assumed. When the Markup document is included in this connection destination, the player replaces the Markup document of the NET connection destination with the Markup document on the Disc, and uses the replaced Markup document for playback.
 In description example 1 of the Markup document shown in FIG. 130, the Secondary Object from the Disc is played back in the playback time "03:15" to "05:40" (TMAP in evobid = "2") of an EVOB#2 serving as the . Secondary Object.
 In description example 2 of the Markup document shown in FIG. 131, the Secondary Object from the Disc is started to be played back in the playback time "03:15" to "05:40" (TMAP in evobid = "2") (content for 
 total 2' 25' ') of the EV0B#2 serving as the Secondary Object. Additionally, the Secondary Object from the Disc is started to be played back in the playback time "04:43" to "07:08" (TMAP in evobit = "2".) (content for ■ total 2' 25' ') . Note that the TMAP (<type =
 "sec_sp"/>) in the playback time "04:43" to "07:08" is the example of the playback start timing designated by user's operation.
 In description example 3 of the Markup document shown in FIG. 132, the Primary Object from the Disc is played back in the playback time "00:00" to "07:10" (TMAP in evobid = "1") of the EVOB#1 serving as the Primary Object. Alternatively, the description is rewritten in accordance with the Markup document obtained (<object load = "net" data = "sec2.mpg">) from the NET, to start playback of the Secondary Object from the NET in the playback time "02:55" to "03:58" (TMAP in evobid = "3") . (In this example, since the Markup document is obtained from the NET, for example, <object load = "disc" data = "sec.mpg"> shown in FIG. 130 is rewritten to <object load = "net" data = "sec2.mpg"> shown in FIG. 132. )
 FIG. 133 is a view showing another example of a case (case Ia) wherein one program stream (PS) obtained by multiplexing the Primary Object (Movie Object) and the Secondary Object (Advanced Object) on the Disc is recorded, and the Advanced Object (Secondary Object) is 
independently present as the program stream on the external communication line (NET/Web) .
 In the example shown 'in FIG. 133, the Secondary- Content which have not multiplexed with.the Primary Content are multiplexed with the Secondary Object (Secondary EVOB) in advance, and the multiplexed Secondary EVOB is multiplexed with the Primary Content to implement one PS arrangement in a multistage process (the multiplexed Secondary has been implemented when the Primary and Secondary are multiplexed) . This means that the model of one PS shown in FIG. 133 is improved.
 FIG. 134 is a view showing still another example of a case (.case Ib) wherein one program stream (PS) obtained by multiplexing the Primary Object (Movie Object) and the Secondary Object (Advanced Object) on the Disc is recorded, and the Advanced Object (Secondary Object) is independently present as the program stream on the external communication line (NET/Web) . FIG. 135 is a view for explaining the Decoding model in case Ia, and FIG. 136 is a view for explaining an example of a smoothing buffer operation of the decoding model in case Ia.
 In the Decoding Model shown in FIG. 114, the overall system operates as a model having a constant bitrate. In this case, since the bitrate of the Primary is assumed to be higher than that of the Secondary, the bitrates of the system, Primary, and 
Secondary are respectively set to be 30, 20, and 10 Mbps in the Decoding Model shown in FIG. 135. Even if the average bitrate of the .Secondary is 10 Mbps, the data may be temporarily input at a system bitrate of 30 Mbps. Hence, each of Input Buffers 114g to 114m in the former stage of decoders 114n to 114s shown in FIG. 114 must have an appropriate size to avoid an overflow. Under this situation, in order to operate the Decoding Model shown in FIG. 135 without contradiction, the multiplexing process shown in
 FIG. 133 or 134 must be limited. The example of the limited Pack structure of the Secondary Video Set will be described below.
 FIG. 136 is a view for explaining an example of the smoothing buffer operation in the decoding model in case Ia. The upper side in FIG. 136 shows an example of the Pack structure input to a model of 30 Mbps of the DeMUXl. The lower side in FIG. 136 schematically shows the Pack structure having a lowered bitrate of 10 Mbps. ' In order to absorb the difference with the model having a bitrate of 10 Mbps in smoothing buffer 135x shown in FIG. 135, an interval of at least two Packs is required as shown in FIG. 136. Because of the Buffer overflow, the next Pack cannot flow before the output of the stream in the lower side in FIG. 136 from smoothing Buffer 135x.
 In addition, when one Pack is set to be 2 KB, the 
values of a system clock reference SCR and a presentation time stamp PTS (decoding time stamp DTS) must have an interval of (2 KB/30 X 10Λ6 bps) X 3 Pack = 1.599 [ins] . In this period, i.e., period S^G shown in FIG. 136, the Pack of the Primary Video Set can be multiplexed (MUX) . The Secondary Pack may have an interval larger than that of the Primary Video Set. As shown in S4 and S5 in FIG. 136, an interval of three or more Packs is provided, and the Primary pack may be multiplexed in the interval.
 FIG. 137 schematically shows the type and format of data which can be recorded on the Disc in the embodiment of the present invention. In FIG. 137, an "Advanced Navigation" indicates the data pertaining to playback control for playing back an advanced HD video title set and advanced content as shown in FIGS. 74 and 79, and also indicates a data file described in the Markup/Script language or the like.
 Additionally, a "Primary Video Set" indicates DVD main picture stream data represented by an advanced
 VTS. In FIG. 137, for example, the "Primary Video Set" includes IFO data for storing management information of the main picture stream, TMAP data including a data table such as offset information of the time for each EVOB included in the main picture stream and the start position of the VOBU serving as a unit of playback management, the EVOB included in one video sequence of 
 the main picture stream, and a P-EVOBS (Primary EVOBS) including the plurality of EVOBs.
 The "Secondary Video Set" is a picture stream which is played back simultaneously with the main ■ picture, and different from the main picture. The
 "Secondary Video Set" is different from a multi angle video implemented by the conventional DVD in that the "Secondary Video Set" can play back a picture stream while playing back the main picture, whereas one of the Multi Angle videos is selectively played back. The S- EVOB (Secondary EVOB) indicates the picture stream itself of the "Secondary Video Set". In this embodiment,, the "Secondary Video Set" does not have a function of the Multi Angle and sub title in the conventional "Primary Video Set", and includes simple video and audio data. In this case, IFO information for managing playback sequence control or the like in detail is not always required. The TMAP information for specifying the simple playback stream position is prepared in correspondence with an "S-EVOB".
 An "Advanced Element" indicates the playback data of the HDD player other than the "Primary Video Set" and the "Secondary Video Set". More specifically, the "Advanced Element" indicates a still picture data such as JPEG or PNG, the audio data used for an effect sound played back upon click of the button, text data which supplies character information to be described in the 
text sub-title, and font data used to render the text data.
 The data expressed in a "Multiplexed Data structure on the disc" is the data stored in the contiguous sectors on the disc. In this data, the "P- EVOBS", "S-EVOB", "Advanced Element", and the like are interleaved and arranged. This is a countermeasure for avoiding a problem that the "Secondary Video Set" is played back during playing back the "Primary Video Set", and the "P-EVOBS" data of the "Primary Video Set" is delayed to be supplied by reading out the data from the separated sector on the disc when the "Advanced Element" is. stored in a data cache shown in FIG. 100. In the embodiment of the present invention, since the "S-EVOB", "Advanced Element", and the like are interleaved in the overall sector data included in the "P-EVOBS" in a "Multiplexed Data structure", the "Multiplexed Data structure" is arranged at the position of the advanced HD video title set in the video data recording area in the data structure shown in FIGS. 74 and 79. Additionally, the .IFO and TMAP of the "Primary Video Set" are also stored at the position of the advanced HD video title set in the video data recording area. Alternatively, the TMAP of the "Secondary Video
 Set", the S-EVOB of the "Secondary Video Set" which is not interleaved in the "Multiplexed Data structure", 
and the "Advanced Element" which is not interleaved in the "Multiplexed Data Structure" are stored in the advanced content recording' area shown in FIGS. 74 and 79. Furthermore, from the viewpoint of the file system shown in FIG. 2, these various data which are interleaved in the "Multiplexed Data structure" on the Disc cannot be discriminated in accordance with the file system. These data are managed as ".EVO" files of the advanced VTS. The IFO and TMAP of the "Primary
 Video Set" can access to each other as the ".IFO" and ".MAP" files.
 The TMAP and S-EVOB data of the "Secondary Video Set which are not interleaved in the "Multiplexed Data Structure" and the "Advanced Element" data which is not interleaved in the "Multiplexed Data Structure" are managed as the advanced content, and can access to each other as the file data in an ADV_OBJ directory.
 FIG. 138 is a view showing the playback system model of the HD_DVD player as a functional module having a large unit in accordance with the embodiment of the invention. A "Data Source" indicates a data storage position to which the HD_DVD player can access for playback. In the "Data Source", a "Disc", "Persistent Storage", "Network Server", and the like are included. The "Disc" corresponds to DVD disc 1 shown in FIG. 100. 
 The "Persistent Storage" corresponds to the persistent storage shown in FIG. 100. For example, an NAS (Network Attached Storage) on a home network is also included in the persistent storage.. The "Network Server" indicates a server on the Internet. Generally, the "Network Server" is assumed to be managed by a filmmaker supplying the DVD disc.
 An "Advanced Content Player" indicates the overall playback system model of the HD_DVD player. As a large module, a "Data Access Manager", "Data Cache",
 "Navigation Manager", "Presentation Engine", "User Interface Controller", and "AV Renderer" are included. The "Data Access Manager" manages the exchange of the data between the "Advanced Content Player" and the "Data Source". The "Data Cache" is a data storage device for temporarily storing the data required for playback of the "Navigation Manager" and the "Presentation Engine".
 The "Navigation Manager" loads and analyzes the "Advanced Navigation", controls the "Presentation
 Engine" and "AV Renderer", and manages playback control of the disc of content type 2 or 3. When inserting the disc, the "Navigation Manager" loads a "Startup File", and sets the HD_DVD player required for playback control.
 In accordance with the playback control information of the "Advanced Navigation" on the basis 
of the control command and the signal issued by the "Navigation Manager", the "Presentation Engine" loads the "Primary Video Set", "Secondary Video Set", and "Advanced Element" data from the "Data Source" using the "Data Access Manager". The "Presentation Engine" also loads the data from the "Data Cache", plays back the data, and sends the played back data to the "AV Renderer" .
 In accordance with the playback control information of the "Advanced Navigation", on the basis of the control command and signal issued from the "Navigation Manager", the "AV Renderer" performs α blending and mixing control of the video and audio data output from the "Presentation Engine", thereby outputting the signal from the last HD_DVD player to the external TV monitor and loudspeaker.
 The "User Interface Controller" transmits as an event an input signal from a user interface such as a front panel, remote controller, or mouse, to the Navigation Manager. In addition to this, the "User Interface Controller" controls display of a mouse cursor.
 FIG. 139 shows the detailed arrangement shown in FIG. 138 from the viewpoint of the data flow. As a result of playback control of the "Advanced
 Navigation", various data are stored in the "Persistent Storage" and the "Network Manager" as capacity allows. 
The stored data can be loaded and written by the HD_DVD player. Generally, as the data loaded and used for playback by the "Advanced Content Player", the above- described "Advanced Navigation", "Advanced Element", and "Secondary Video Set" are available. The "Primary Video Set" is stored only on the Disc, but in the "Persistent Storage" and the "Network Server".
 As shown in FIG. 137, as the data stored on the "Disc", the "Advanced Navigation", "Advance Element", "Primary Video Set", and "Secondary Video Set" are available. The "Disc" is a read-only medium so that no data is written by playback control of the "Advanced Navigation" .,
 The "Data Access Manager" contains the "Persistent Storage Manager", "Network Manager", and "Disc
 Manager" . Generally, it can be assumed that these managers manage the data access from the "Persistent Storage", "Network Server", and "Disc". However, as for a "NAS (Network Attached Storage)", the "Persistent Storage Manager" may be assumed to manage the data access using the function of the "Network Manager".
 When inserting the disc, an arrow from the Disc Manager to the Navigation Manager indicates the flow of loading the "Startup File" included in the "Advanced Navigation" by the "Navigation Manager" after a determination process of a predetermined disc type. An arrow from the Disc Manager to the Primary Video Player 
indicates the data flow of the Primary Video Set. An arrow from the Disc Manager to the Secondary Video Player indicates the data flow of the Secondary Video Set interleaved in the Multiplexed Data .Structure on the Disc.
 An arrow from the Disc Manager to the File Cache Manager indicates the data flow of the Advanced Element interleaved in the Multiplexed Data Structure on the Disc. An arrow from the Disc Manager to the File Cache indicates the data flow of the Advanced Navigation,
 Advanced Element, and Secondary Video Set which are not included in the Multiplexed Data Structure on the Disc.
 An arrpw from the Persistent Storage and Network Server to the File Cache indicates the flow and its reverse flow of the Advanced Navigation, Advanced
 Element, and Secondary Video Set. An arrow from the Persistent Storage or Network Server to the Streaming Buffer indicates the flow of the Secondary Video Set. An arrow from the File Cache to the Navigation Manager indicates the flow of mainly loading the
 Advanced Navigation using the Navigation Manager. An arrow from the File Cache Manager to the File Cache indicates the flow of writing the data of the Advanced Element in the File Cache using file units sent from the Disc Manager to the File Cache. An arrow from the File Cache to the Advanced Element and the Presentation Engine indicates the flow of the Advanced Element. An 
arrow from the File Cache to the Secondary Video Player indicates the data flow when the TMAP or S-EVOB of the Secondary Video Set temporarily stored in the File Cache as the file data is played back. An arrow from the Streaming Buffer to the Secondary Video Player indicates the flow of temporarily loading the large Secondary Video Set stored in the Persistent Storage and the Network Server little by little, and then supplying the loaded Secondary Video Set to the Secondary Video Player. Generally, this is a countermeasure for avoiding interruption of playback of the Secondary Video Set by absorbing the fluctuation of the data loading rate when the data is supplied from the Data Source with unstable data loading rate, like a network.
 An arrow from the Advanced Navigation to the Presentation Engine or the AV Renderer indicates a control signal. However, the arrow from the Advanced Navigation to the Presentation Engine can also indicate that text subtitle data stored in the Advanced
 Navigation data including a Markup/Script is supplied. FIG. 140 shows the detailed arrangement shown in FIG. 139 from the viewpoint of data supply from the Disc. In FIG. 139, only the Disc Manager manages the data from the Disc in the Data Access Manager.
 However, in FIG. 140, a Stream Dispatcher also manages the data. 
 The Stream Dispatcher receives the Multiplexed Data Structure shown in FIG. 137 from the Disc Manager, and supplies the data of the P-EVOBS, S-EVOB, and Advanced Element which are interleaved in the Multiplexed Data Structure to the Demux device in the Primary Video Player, the Secondary Video Playback Engine of the Secondary Video Player, and the File Cache Manager in the Navigation Manager, respectively. When the Disc is inserted to the player according to the embodiment of the present invention, the Disc Manager supplies the Startup File on the Disc to the Navigation Manager. Each file of the Advanced Navigation,, Advanced Element, and Secondary Video Set managed by a file system on the Disc is loaded to the File Cache in accordance with the result obtained by interpreting the Startup File and the Advanced Navigation using the Advanced Navigation Engine in the Navigation Manager.
 When the Primary Video Player plays back the Primary Video Set, the IFO and TMAP data of the Primary Video Set is captured from the Disc Manager to the DVD Playback Engine, prior to playback. The Primary Video Player supplies an upper level control API (Application Interface) for playing back the Primary Video Set, to the Navigation Manager. Note that for example, the upper level control API is the level API such as Play, FF, STOP, or PAUSE. The DVD Playback Engine performs 
 the detail playback control process of the Primary Video Set.
 The DVD Playback Engine performs the playback control of the Primary Video Set in accordance with the ■ upper level control API from the Advanced Navigation Engine based on the description of the "Advanced Navigation" .
 The Demux demultiplexes the P-EVOB data, and supplies a control pack (N_PCK) , video pack (V_PCK) , and sub-picture pack (SP_PCK) , and audio pack (A_PCK) to the DVD Playback Engine, Video Decoder, SP Decoder, and Audio decoder. Each of these decoders decodes the obtained PCK data by appropriate units.
 When the Secondary Video Player plays back the Secondary Video Set in which the S-EVOB is interleaved in the Multiplexed Data Structure on the Disc, the TMAP' data of the Secondary Video Set is received from the Disc Manager to the Secondary Video Playback Engine, prior to playback. Additionally, the Secondary Video Set managed on the file system can be temporarily stored in the File Cache, and then loaded and played back by the Secondary Video Playback Engine.
 The Secondary Video Player supplies the upper level control API for playing back the Secondary Video Set as the Primary Video Player, to the Navigation Manager.
 The Secondary Video Playback Engine performs 
playback control of the Secondary Video Set in accordance with the upper level control API from the Advanced Navigation Engine' on the basis of the description of the "Advanced Navigation". The Demux in the Secondary Video Player demultiplexes the S-EVOB data, and supplies the video pack (V_PCK) and audio pack (A_PCK) to the Video Decoder and Audio Decoder, respectively.
 In this embodiment, the Secondary Video Set only includes the video and audio packs. However, the
 Secondary Video Set can include the sub-picture and the control pack.
 The File Cache Manager obtains the Advanced Element data pack output from the Stream Dispatcher. After the pack data is supplied to form one file data, the data pack is written as one file belonging to the Advanced Element, to the File Cache.
 For example, when the file data as large as the font data is written in the File Cache, write of the file data may be started in the File Cache before all data in the font file are collected to the File Cache Manager. The file data may be sequentially written, and the final font file may be arranged on the File Cache. The Advanced Element stored in the Multiplexed Data Structure can also be compressed and then interleaved. In this case, the File Cache Manager 
receives the compressed Advanced Element data to be extracted, and then extracts the input data. As a result, the generated Advanced Element file is written in the File Cache. The compressed Advanced Element data may be compressed using file units, or the plurality of archived Advanced Element files may be compressed.
 An Advanced Element Presentation Engine loads the Advanced Element data from the File Cache, and decodes the Advanced Element in accordance with the control command/signal from the Advanced Navigation Engine based on the description of the Advanced Navigation.
 FIG. 3,41 shows the more detailed arrangement shown in FIG. 139 from a viewpoint of the data supply from -the Network Server and Persistent Storage. A device implementing the Persistent Storage can be divided into the Fixed Storage and the Additional Storage. The Fixed Storage is a recording medium which is fixed and connected to the HD_DVD player such as a FLASH memory. The Additional Storage is a recording medium which can be connected to or separated from the HD_DVD player. The Additional Storage can use a memory card represented by an SD card, a memory device and HDD device via the connection interface such as a USB, and a NAS (Network Attached Storage) connected to the network.
 As the supply model from the Disc shown in 
FIG. 140, the data such as the Advanced Navigation, Advanced Element, and Secondary Video Set are supplied to the File Cache via the Network Manager and Persistent Storage Manager. When the Secondary Video Set having the S-EVOB which is too large to be stored in the File Cache is played back, the data is directly and sequentially supplied to the Secondary Video Playback Engine to perform playback. At this time, in accordance with described control in the Advance Navigation, the
 Secondary Video Playback Engine can perform playback while the data is temporarily stored in the Streaming Buffer. This is a countermeasure for reducing the possibility that playback of the Secondary Video Set is interrupted when the data supply rate is unstable in the network or the like. Generally, the Streaming Buffer need not be used for playback of the Secondary Video Set captured in the File Cache.
 FIG. 142 shows the detailed arrangement in FIG. 139 from a viewpoint of the data storage flow of the Persistent Storage and the Network Server. An arrow from the Advanced Navigation to the Advanced Element indicates the flow of writing the Advanced Element such as a data file generated by the Advanced Navigation Engine using a script language or the like, to the File Cache. In the Advanced Navigation, using,- e.g., the Script language, the file for recording the 
number of views of the Disc is generated. The file is stored in the Persistent Storage. Whenever the video on the Disc is viewed, the' data in the file is updated. Accordingly, the number of updating processes can be displayed on the screen, the score data of a game generated by the Script language can be generated, and the generated data can be sent to the Network Server to compete for high scores. These data generated by the Advanced Navigation Engine are temporarily stored in the File Cache, and then coped/moved to the appropriate storage destinations.
 An arrow from the Primary Video Player to the Advanced Element indicates the flow of interrupting the video currently played back by the Primary Video Set in accordance with the description of the Advanced
 Navigation Engine and the interpretation of the user operation, and writing the Advanced Element such as an image file obtained by capturing the screen, to the File Cache. On the generated capture screen, an original chapter group with an appropriate explanation may be generated, the data of the original chapter group may be stored in the Persistent Storage or the like, and a scene may be selected from the original chapters and viewed next time. As the destination of the capture screen, a Secondary Video Set screen to which the Secondary Video Player outputs the data, a graphics screen to which the Advanced Element 
Presentation Engine outputs the data, and an output image from the AV Renderer obtained by mixing the above data.
 The data generated by the Navigation Manager and Presentation Engine is temporarily stored in the File Cache, and then stored on the appropriate Data Source medium in accordance with the description of the Advanced Navigation. Similarly, when the content in the Persistent Storage, Network Server, and Disc are to be uploaded or stored in the Persistent Storage and the Network Server, the generated data are temporarily loaded in the File Cache and then stored on the appropriate, Data Source medium, in accordance with the description of the Advanced Navigation. FIG. 143 shows the mixed model of the image output in detail. In FIG. 143, five image planes are assumed to be output. From the lower plane, there are a Primary Video Plane, Secondary Video Plane, Sub-Picture Plane, Graphicss Plane, and Cursor Plane. The Primary Video Plane is a plane for video output from the Primary Video Set. In this model, the video is supplied to the AV Renderer through a scaling device. In this model, an α value (value for determining contrast ratio) is not assumed to be applied to the Primary Video Plane. However, for example, when a background plane or the like is prepared on the lower layer of the Primary Video Plane, 
the α value can be effectively applied for the Primary Video Plane to improve the expression.
 The Secondary Video Plane is a plane for video output from the Secondary Video Set. In this model, the video is supplied to the AV Renderer through the scaling device. In this model, a Chroma Effect function is included in order to extract an object shape in the video to overlap the object on the output from the Primary Video. This process can be performed by filling the portion other than the object to be extracted in a specific color, and managing the colored portion as a transparent portion.
 The Sub-Picture Plane is a plane for image output from the Sub-Picture of the Primary Video Set. In this model, the video is supplied to the AV Renderer via the scaling device. However, for example, when the Su'b- Picture in the size of the SD card is prepared, or when the Sub-Picture for a Pan Scan output or Letter Box output in the size of the SD card, the scaling device performs no operation, and the Sub-Picture data corresponding to the output is output form the SP Decoder. Accordingly, the data is mixed with the overall image.
 The Graphics Plane is a plane for image output from the Advanced Element Presentation Engine. In this model, the Advanced Graphics Decoder is assumed to process image data such as JPEG and PNG, and image data 
such as cell animation and vector animation, and the Advanced Text Decoder is assumed to process the text image output using the font data. The decode result output for each object unit is sent to Layout/Alpha Control, and undergoes a layout and α blending process in accordance with the control information of the Navigation Manager which interprets the Advanced Navigation. This layout process also includes an object scaling process and the like. The Cursor Plane is managed by and output from the
 Cursor Manager in the User Interface Controller. In this model, the α value is set for the Cursor object, and mixed with other planes.
 These five image data are output from the respective decoders and the like in the format corresponding to the frame rate of the final video data output of the HD_DVD player. When capturing the data to the AV Renderer, all the plane data are supplied in the frame rate format. A Graphics Composer is a module for managing the mixing process of the five image outputs in the AV Renderer, and includes α Blending Control, Position Control, Chroma Effect, and the like.
 As described above, the Chroma Effect is a functional module for processing the color designated by the Navigation Manager as a transparent color, in order to extend a predetermined object shape from the 
video output from the Secondary Video Player. Actually, when the Secondary Video is output, a pixel color value can change as a Chroma Key since a Lossy codec such as MPEG2 is used. Hence, it is effective to have a function of avoiding a monochrome Chroma Key, and accurately extracting the object shape by designating the chroma key with some variations, and performing the image process for the chroma key.
 The Position Control supplies to the α Blending Control the image controlled to determine the position of the input video data with respect to the overall image output size.
 The α Blending Control mixes the above video data in accordance with the instruction of the Advanced Navigation which is interpreted by the Navigation Manager, to generate the final video output image. FIG. 144 shows an example of the actual image output from the image output mixed model shown in FIG. 143. Generally, the video output from the Primary Video Set in the Primary Video Plane is a moving image data of the DVD main picture, and displayed on the entire screen. Generally, the video output from the Secondary Video in the Secondary Video Plane is arranged in the Primary Video Plane in the format of a Picture In Picture, and undergoes the α blending process for the Primary Video image in accordance with the description of the Advanced Navigation. As 
described above, the object shape can also be extracted to be mixed with the Primary Video Plane.
 The output from the S'ub-picture Plane is the image data of the Sub-Picture stored in the Primary Video Set, given the α value at a pixel level, and mixed with the mixed image of the Primary Video Plane or the Secondary Video Plane serving as the background.
 The output from the Graphics Plane is controlled using the α value at the pixel level. Accordingly, the α value of the Graphics Plane is not controlled by the Navigation Manager. In comparison with the Graphics Plane, the Navigation Manager controls the α value using object units such as a button image and text arranged in the Graphics Plane. When the α value at the pixel level is to be controlled, the image object itself must use a format to describe the α value at the pixel level. As this format, PNG, JPEG 2000, and the like are available. As for the text, characters may be deformed by scaling an output character image, thereby decreasing the readability. Hence, the image data supplied to the Layout/α Control is decoded in correspondence with the final output image size in advance to effectively avoid the deterioration of image quality. The Cursor Plane is a pointer image which moves on the screen in accordance with the event of a direction key such as the mouse or remote controller. This 
pointer image can be replaced with the arbitral Advanced Element image in accordance with the description of the Advanced Navigation. The α value can be applied to the Cursor Plane at the object (Plane) level.
 FIG. 145 is a view showing the mixing model of an audio output. In this model, three audio outputs are mixed. That is, a Primary Audio output is an audio output from the Primary Video Set. A Secondary Audio output is an audio output from the Secondary Video Set. Note that the Second Video Set need not always include the Video output. The Secondary Video Set may include only an Audio output.
 Each of the Audio Decoders in the Primary Video Player and the Secondary video player can interpret
 Meta Data in the Audio Elementary Stream, and control a change in mixing level at the frame level: In this model, the Meta Data process is completed in each decoder. However, the Meta Data information may be sent to the Sound Mixer, and processed in the Sound Mixer.
 The Sound Decoder in the Advanced Element Presentation Engine outputs an effect sound when the button is clicked. The mixing process of the audio output is performed by the Sampling Rate Converter and the Sound Mixer in the AV Renderer.
 In this model, the audio output of the Primary 
 Video is generally assumed to be supplied with highest sound quality, and the sampling rates of the Secondary Audio and the Effect Sound correspond to the Primary- Audio. Hence, the Primary Audio output includes no • Sampling Rate Converter. When a function of deteriorating the audio output quality is implemented in order to realize the HD_DVD player at low cost, it is effective to include the Sampling Rate Converter prior to the Primary Audio output. . Each of the audio signals is supplied to the Sound Mixer in a state wherein the Sampling Rates are matched by the Sampling Rate Converter. The Sound Mixer mixes and outputs .these three audio signals in accordance with the mixing level instructed on the basis of the description of the Advanced Navigation. When the
 HD_DVD player outputs the analog audio signal, and the DA converter outputs the digital audio signal, these three audio signals are sent to an appropriate encoding processing device. A Water Mark Detect is a module for examining the output audio signal from the Sound Mixer, and detecting the presence of copyright management information. FIG. 146 is a view showing a User Interface process managed by the User Interface Controller. In this model, as the User Input device, a Front Panel,
 Remote Controller, Keyboard, Mouse, and Game Pad are ' shown. As described above, the Cursor Manager controls 
the display position of the cursor object on the screen in accordance with the direction key and moving event of the Remote Controller or the Mouse. The button pressure event of the Remote Controller -or the Keyboard is notified to the Navigation Manager as the User Interface Event.
 FIG. 147 is a flowchart showing the flow of the startup process after inserting the disc. When the disc is inserted to the HD_DVD player, first, the content type is detected. The content type can be detected under the condition of the presence of an Advanced VTS and specific Markup File. When the disc is a content type 2 or 3 disc (YES in step ST302), the Startup File is loaded from the disc (step ST304) . As the content type 2 or 3 data structure, a disc including only the Advanced VTS shown in FIG. 74, or a disc including both the Advanced VTS and the Standard VTS shown in FIG. 79 is available.
 After the Startup is interpreted, the setting of the player changes in accordance with the description (step ST306...player system setting: Configure Player System) . The information to be changed includes the distribution of the File Cache of Data Cache and the Streaming Buffer, and network connection setting. After that, the Advanced Navigation file including the Startup File for the initial operation is loaded from' the Disc, Network Server, Persistent Storage, and the 
like (step ST308) . The Advanced Navigation process described in the Startup File then starts (step ST310) .
 Alternatively, when the disc is a content type 1 disc (NO in step ST302, and YES in step ST312), the content type 1 disc performs Standard VTS playback process to conform to the conventional DVD. The content type 1 disc includes only the Standard VTS as shown in FIG. 73. If the disc is a disc other than the content type 1 disc (NO in steps ST302 and ST312), each of playback processes is performed in accordance with the medium type supported by the individual HD_DVD player which plays back the disc (step ST316) . <Summary>
 An information storage medium (high-definition video disc or the like) according to the embodiment of the present invention has a data area (12) that stores a video data recording area (20) including a management area (30) that records management information and an object area (40, 50) that records objects to be managed by this management information, and an advanced content recording area (21) including information (21A to 21E) different from the recording content (30 to 50) of this video recording area (20) , and a file information area (11) storing file information corresponding to the recording content of this data area (12) . In this information storage medium, the object area (40, 50) is configured to store expanded video objects (objects in 
an HDVTS and abbreviated as an EVOBS or VOBS as needed) which undergo playback management using a logical unit called a program chain, and advanced objects (objects in an AHDVTS) recorded independently of the expanded video objects. The advanced objects are configured to store playback control information and the like, which give playback sequence information (playback control information implemented by a markup language and the like, as exemplified in FIGS. 95 to 98) that describes the playback order of expanded video objects, and the playback conditions (playback timings, picture output positions, display sizes, etc.) of other advanced objects.
 The playback conditions (or playback control information, playback sequence information, etc.) can be described by a provider of the content recorded on the information storage medium using a predetermined language (markup language or the like) . By supplying the markup language that gives the playback conditions to a player via a network (Internet or the like), management information which is recorded on the information storage medium and is uniquely determined so far can be updated.
 Furthermore, for example, the playback control information that controls playback of video objects is distributed via the Internet or the like after the disc is produced, or the aforementioned playback control 
information is added to a video disc which is produced once, thus producing a new disc without re-producing the disc. More specifically, video objects, which cannot be played back upon delivery of a DVD-Video disc, are allowed to be played back using playback control information distributed via the Internet under specific conditions, or problems can be corrected by controlling parts that include errors upon delivery of a DVD-Video disc. Put differently, the embodiment of the present invention provides a scheme that allows the user to freely change and enjoy the playback sequence of advanced objects and/or expanded video objects using playback control information implemented by the markup language at the time of production or after sales of an information storage medium (ROM-based disc) .
 The data area (12) is a group of one or more primary objects (EVOB#1, #2, and the like) whose relationship with the playback time (TM_DIFF or the like) and the recording position (TM_EN_ADR or the like) is managed by one or more time maps (TMAP#1, #2, and the like; corresponding to TMAPIT) . The data area (12) can store a primary object set (P-EVOBS) included in the main picture stream, and a secondary object (S- EVOB) included in another picture stream which serves as an object for managing the relationship between a playback time (TM DIFF) and recording position 
(TM_EN_ADR) by individual time map (TMAP) and is included in another picture stream played back simultaneously with the main picture stream.
 Note that playback of one or more primary objects (EVOB#1, #2, and the like) can be managed on the basis of the playback time using one or more time maps (TMAP#1, #2, and the like; corresponding to TMAPIT) . In addition, playback of the secondary object (S-EVOB) which can be played back simultaneously (synchronously) with the arbitral object of the primary objects
 (EVOB#1, #2, an the like) can be managed on the basis of the playback time using the individual time map (TMAP) . In this case, the playback timing and/or playback duration of the secondary object played back simultaneously (or synchronously) with a given primary object can be freely set using the predetermined language (Markup language or the like) .
 In each of the aforementioned embodiments described above with reference to the accompanying drawings, information elements (e.g., 310 to 318 in the example of FIG. 3) are arranged in the illustrated order. This arrangement corresponds to the order indicating which information element is to be loaded first by the player upon playback of disc 1. The present invention is not limited to the aforementioned specific embodiments, but can be embodied by variously modifying constituent elements 
without departing from the scope of the invention when it is practiced. For example, the present invention can be applied not only to' DVD-ROM Video that has currently spread worldwide but also to recordable/reproducible DVD-VR (video recorder) whose demand is increasing in recent years. Furthermore, the present invention can be applied to a reproduction system or a recording/reproduction system of next- generation HD-DVD which will be spread in the near future.
 Furthermore, various inventions can be formed by appropriately combining a plurality of required constituent,elements disclosed in the respective embodiments. For example, some required constituent elements may be omitted from all required constituent elements disclosed in the respective embodiments. Furthermore, required constituent elements across different embodiments may be appropriately combined. 
 Claims
 C L A I M S
 1. An information storage medium which comprises a data area (12) in which a video data recording area (20) including a management area (30) for recording management information (HDVMG) and an object area (40, 50) for recording object (HDVTS, AHDVTS) managed by the management information (HDVMG) , and an advanced content recording area (21) including information (21A-21E) different from recording content (30-50) in the video data recording area (20) are stored, and a file information area (11) in which file information (FIG. 2) corresponding to the recording content in the data area (12) is stored, wherein the data area (12) is configured to store a primary object set (P-EVOBS) which is a group of at least one primary object (EVOB#1, #2, ...) for managing a relationship between a playback time and a recording position in accordance with at least one time map (TMAP#) , and includes a main picture stream, and a secondary object (S-EVOB) in which a relationship between the playback time and the recording position is managed in accordance with an individual time map, and includes another picture stream to be played back simultaneously with the main picture stream. 
 2. A medium according to claim 1, wherein the object area (40, 50) includes a time map information table (TMAPIT) configured to be formed of at least one time map information, the time map information table (TMAPIT) includes one or more time map information search pointers (TMAPI_SRP#) respectively corresponding to one or more items of said time map information, the time map information search pointer (TMAPI_SRP#) includes start address information (TMAPI_SA) of the corresponding time map information, and a time map type flag (TMAP_YTPE_FL) which specifies whether an object managed by the time map is the primary object (EVOB) .
 3. A playback method of playing back an information storage medium which comprises a data area in which a video data1 recording area including a management area for recording management information and an object area for recording object managed by the management information, and an advanced content recording area including information different from recording content in the video data recording area are stored, and a file information area in which file information corresponding to the recording content in the data area is stored, wherein the data area stores a primary object set which is a group of at least one of primary objects for managing a relationship between a playback time and a recording position in accordance with at least one of time maps, and includes a main picture stream, and a secondary object which is an object for managing the relationship between the playback time and the recording position in accordance with an individual time map, and includes another picture stream to be played back simultaneously with the main picture stream, said playback method comprising playing back (ST212, etc.) the primary object, and playing back (ST224, etc.) the secondary object. 
 4. A playback apparatus having an information storage medium which comprises a data area in which a video data recording area including a management area for recording management information and an object area for recording object managed by the management information, and an advanced content recording area including information different from recording content in the video data recording area are stored, and a file information area in which file information corresponding to the recording content in the data area is stored, wherein the data area stores a primary object set which is a group of at least one of primary objects for managing a relationship between a playback time and a recording position in accordance with at least one of time maps, and includes a main picture stream, and a secondary object which is an object for managing the relationship between the playback time and the recording position in accordance with an individual time map, and includes another picture stream to be played back simultaneously with the main picture stream, said playback apparatus comprising a first playback unit (DVD playback engine) configured to play back the primary object, and a second playback unit (interactive engine of
 FIG. 100/secondary video player in presentation engine of FIG. 139, etc.) configured to play back the secondary object.
 5. A playback method of playing back an information storage medium as defined by claim 1, which comprises a data area in which a video data recording area including a management area for recording management .information and an object area for recording object managed by the management information, and an advanced content recording area including information different from recording content in the.video data recording area are stored, and a file information area in which file information corresponding to the recording content in the data area is stored, wherein the data area is configured to store a primary object set which is a group of at least one of primary objects for managing a relationship between a playback time and a recording position in accordance with at least one of time maps, and includes a main picture stream, and a secondary object which is an object for managing the relationship between the playback time and the recording position in accordance with an individual time map, and includes another picture stream to be played back simultaneously with the main picture stream, said playback method comprising playing back the (ST212, etc.) primary object, and obtaining (ST230) to play back (ST234) the secondary object corresponding to said another picture stream from an external communication line.
 6. A playback apparatus using an information storage medium as defined by claim 1, which comprises a data area in which a video data recording area including a management area for recording management information and an object area for recording object managed by the management information, and an advanced content recording area including information different from recording content in the video data recording area are stored, and a file information area in which file information corresponding to the recording content in the data area is stored, wherein the data area is configured to store a primary object set which is a group of at least one of primary objects for managing a relationship between a playback time and a recording position in accordance with at least one of time maps, and includes a main picture stream, and a secondary object which is an object for managing the relationship between the playback time and the recording position in accordance with an individual time map, and includes ■ another picture stream to be played back simultaneously with the main picture stream, said playback apparatus comprising a first playback unit' (DVD playback engine) configured to play back the primary object, and a second playback unit (interactive engine of
 FIG. 100/secondary video player in presentation engine of FIG. 139, etc.) configured to play back the secondary object corresponding to said another picture stream from an external communication line. 
 7. A playback method of using an information storage medium as defined by claim 1, which comprises a data area in which a video data recording area including a, management area for recording management information and an object area for recording object managed by the management information, and an advanced content recording area including information different from recording content in the video data recording area are stored, and a file information area in which file information corresponding to the recording content in the data area is stored, wherein the data area stores a primary object set which is a group of at least one of primary objects for managing a relationship between a playback time and a recording position in accordance with at least one of time maps, and includes a main picture stream, and a secondary object which is an object for managing the relationship between the playback time and the recording position in accordance with an individual time map, and includes another picture stream to be played back simultaneously with the main picture stream, said playback method comprising: obtaining a first data stream (data stream <1> in
 FIG. 135) including the primary object set and the secondary object from the information storage medium at a first bit rate (e.g., 30 Mbps); obtaining a second data stream (data stream <2> in FIG. 135) including another secondary object from a line (web) other than the information storage medium at a second bit rate (e.g., 10 Mbps) different from the first bit rate (30 Mbps); converting (by smoothing buffer in FIG. 135) the bit rate of the secondary object included in the first data stream, to a rate (10 Mbps) corresponding to the second bit rate; decoding content of the primary object set included in the first data stream at the first bit rate (30 Mbps) ; and decoding content of the secondary object included in the first stream converted to the rate corresponding to the second bit rate (10 Mbps) , and content of said other secondary object included in the second data stream at the rate (10 Mbps) corresponding to the second bit rate. 
 PCT/JP2005/024228
 2004-12-28
 2005-12-27
 Information storage medium, information playback method, information decode method, and information playback apparatus 
 Ceased
 WO2006070920A1
 (en)
 Priority Applications (1)
 Application Number | 
 Priority Date | 
 Filing Date | 
 Title | 
 US11/535,823
 US20070031122A1
 (en)
 | 
 2004-12-28 | 
 2006-09-27 | 
 Information storage medium, information playback method, information decode method, and information playback apparatus 
 | 
 Applications Claiming Priority (2)
 Application Number | 
 Priority Date | 
 Filing Date | 
 Title | 
 JP2004-380219
 | 
 | 
 2004-12-28 | 
 | 
 JP2004380219A
 JP2006186842A
 (en)
 | 
 2004-12-28 | 
 2004-12-28 | 
 Information storage medium, information reproducing method, information decoding method, and information reproducing apparatus
 | 
 Related Child Applications (1)
 Application Number | 
 Title | 
 Priority Date | 
 Filing Date | 
 US11/535,823
 Continuation
 US20070031122A1
 (en)
 | 
 2004-12-28 | 
 2006-09-27 | 
 Information storage medium, information playback method, information decode method, and information playback apparatus 
 | 
 Publications (1)
 Publication Number | 
 Publication Date | 
 WO2006070920A1
 true
 WO2006070920A1
 (en)
 | 
 2006-07-06 | 
 Family
 ID=36615025
 Family Applications (1)
 Application Number | 
 Title | 
 Priority Date | 
 Filing Date | 
 PCT/JP2005/024228
 Ceased
 WO2006070920A1
 (en)
 | 
 2004-12-28 | 
 2005-12-27 | 
 Information storage medium, information playback method, information decode method, and information playback apparatus 
 | 
 Country Status (3)
 Country | 
 Link | 
 US
 (1)
 | 
 US20070031122A1
 (en)
 | 
 JP
 (1)
 | 
 JP2006186842A
 (en)
 | 
 WO
 (1)
 | 
 WO2006070920A1
 (en)
 | 
 Families Citing this family (18)
 * Cited by examiner, † Cited by third party
 Publication number | 
 Priority date | 
 Publication date | 
 Assignee | 
 Title | 
 KR100598285B1
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2001-06-21 | 
 2006-07-07 | 
 엘지전자 주식회사 | 
 Apparatus and method for multi-channel stream recording and recording medium accordingly
 | 
 KR20020097454A
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2001-06-21 | 
 2002-12-31 | 
 엘지전자 주식회사 | 
 Apparatus and method for recording a multichannel stream and, medium thereof 
 | 
 US7643727B2
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2001-07-24 | 
 2010-01-05 | 
 Lg Electronics Inc. | 
 Method and apparatus of recording a multi-channel stream, and a recording medium containing a multi-channel stream recorded by said method 
 | 
 WO2004003908A1
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2002-06-28 | 
 2004-01-08 | 
 Lg Electronics Inc. | 
 Recording medium having data structure for managing recording and reproduction of multiple path data recorded thereon and recording and reproducing methods and apparatus 
 | 
 US7720356B2
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2002-11-12 | 
 2010-05-18 | 
 Lg Electronics Inc | 
 Recording medium having data structure for managing reproduction of multiple reproduction path video data recorded thereon and recording and reproducing methods and apparatuses 
 | 
 JP4736593B2
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2005-07-25 | 
 2011-07-27 | 
 ソニー株式会社 | 
 Data storage device, data recording method, recording and / or reproducing system, and electronic device
 | 
 JP2007080357A
 (en)
 | 
 2005-09-13 | 
 2007-03-29 | 
 Toshiba Corp | 
 Information storage medium, information reproduction method, and information reproduction apparatus
 | 
 DE202008010463U1
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2007-08-07 | 
 2009-04-23 | 
 Plds Taiwan (Philips & Lite-On Digital Solutions Corporation) | 
 Optical data carrier and a device for recording on a disc-shaped optical data carrier
 | 
 US8938401B2
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2009-02-17 | 
 2015-01-20 | 
 Comcast Cable Holdings, Llc | 
 Systems and methods for signaling content rights through release windows life cycle 
 | 
 EP2406954A1
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2009-03-13 | 
 2012-01-18 | 
 Telefonaktiebolaget L M Ericsson (PUBL) | 
 Technique for bringing encoded data items into conformity with a scalable coding protocol 
 | 
 US20100255827A1
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2009-04-03 | 
 2010-10-07 | 
 Ubiquity Holdings | 
 On the Go Karaoke 
 | 
 US9253539B2
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2010-09-30 | 
 2016-02-02 | 
 Disney Enterprises, Inc. | 
 Systems and methods for settings management across multiple titles 
 | 
 WO2012177160A1
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2011-06-22 | 
 2012-12-27 | 
 General Instrument Corporation | 
 Method and apparatus for processing and displaying multiple captions superimposed on video images 
 | 
 US8849095B2
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2011-07-26 | 
 2014-09-30 | 
 Ooyala, Inc. | 
 Goal-based video delivery system 
 | 
 US9374106B2
 (en)
 | 
 2013-08-28 | 
 2016-06-21 | 
 International Business Machines Corporation | 
 Efficient context save/restore during hardware decompression of DEFLATE encoded data 
 | 
 US9800640B2
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2013-10-02 | 
 2017-10-24 | 
 International Business Machines Corporation | 
 Differential encoder with look-ahead synchronization 
 | 
 CN105898614A
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2015-08-21 | 
 2016-08-24 | 
 乐视致新电子科技（天津）有限公司 | 
 Screen menu transparency setting method and device and chip 
 | 
 CN110784750B
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2019-08-13 | 
 2022-11-11 | 
 腾讯科技（深圳）有限公司 | 
 Video playing method and device and computer equipment 
 | 
 Citations (3)
 * Cited by examiner, † Cited by third party
 Publication number | 
 Priority date | 
 Publication date | 
 Assignee | 
 Title | 
 JPH1198467A
 (en)
 *
 | 
 1997-09-19 | 
 1999-04-09 | 
 Hitachi Ltd
 | 
 Multi-media data synchronous playback device
 | 
 JP2002157862A
 (en)
 *
 | 
 1999-04-07 | 
 2002-05-31 | 
 Toshiba Corp
 | 
 Digital information recording system including audio information
 | 
 JP2006033067A
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2004-07-12 | 
 2006-02-02 | 
 Sony Corp
 | 
 Playback apparatus and method, information providing apparatus and method, data, recording medium, and program
 | 
 Family Cites Families (1)
 * Cited by examiner, † Cited by third party
 Publication number | 
 Priority date | 
 Publication date | 
 Assignee | 
 Title | 
 EP1096489B1
 (en)
 *
 | 
 1999-04-07 | 
 2007-07-18 | 
 Kabushiki Kaisha Toshiba | 
 System for recording digital information including audio information 
 | 
 2004
 2004-12-28
 JP
 JP2004380219A
 patent/JP2006186842A/en
 not_active
 Withdrawn
 2005
 2005-12-27
 WO
 PCT/JP2005/024228
 patent/WO2006070920A1/en
 not_active
 Ceased
 2006
 2006-09-27
 US
 US11/535,823
 patent/US20070031122A1/en
 not_active
 Abandoned
 Patent Citations (3)
 * Cited by examiner, † Cited by third party
 Publication number | 
 Priority date | 
 Publication date | 
 Assignee | 
 Title | 
 JPH1198467A
 (en)
 *
 | 
 1997-09-19 | 
 1999-04-09 | 
 Hitachi Ltd | 
 Multi-media data synchronous playback device
 | 
 JP2002157862A
 (en)
 *
 | 
 1999-04-07 | 
 2002-05-31 | 
 Toshiba Corp | 
 Digital information recording system including audio information
 | 
 JP2006033067A
 (en)
 *
 | 
 2004-07-12 | 
 2006-02-02 | 
 Sony Corp | 
 Playback apparatus and method, information providing apparatus and method, data, recording medium, and program
 | 
 Also Published As
 Publication number | 
 Publication date | 
 US20070031122A1
 (en)
 | 
 2007-02-08 | 
 JP2006186842A
 (en)
 | 
 2006-07-13 | 
 Similar Documents
 Publication | 
 Publication Date | 
 Title | 
 US20060182418A1
 (en)
 | 
 2006-08-17
 | 
 Information storage medium, information recording method, and information playback method 
 | 
 US20070094516A1
 (en)
 | 
 2007-04-26
 | 
 Information storage medium, information reproducing apparatus, and information reproducing method 
 | 
 KR100793225B1
 (en)
 | 
 2008-01-10
 | 
 Information playback method using information storage media
 | 
 US20070031122A1
 (en)
 | 
 2007-02-08
 | 
 Information storage medium, information playback method, information decode method, and information playback apparatus 
 | 
 JP4163551B2
 (en)
 | 
 2008-10-08
 | 
 Information reproducing apparatus and information reproducing method
 | 
 US20090269032A1
 (en)
 | 
 2009-10-29
 | 
 Information playback apparatus and information playback method 
 | 
 KR100707223B1
 (en)
 | 
 2007-04-17
 | 
 Information recording medium, method of recording/playback information onto/from recording medium 
 | 
 CN100433163C
 (en)
 | 
 2008-11-12
 | 
 Information reproducing device and information reproducing method
 | 
 KR100675595B1
 (en)
 | 
 2007-02-02
 | 
 An information storage medium, an information recording method, and an information reproduction method
 | 
 US20050213941A1
 (en)
 | 
 2005-09-29
 | 
 Information recording medium, methods of recording/playback information onto/from recording medium 
 | 
 US20060127051A1
 (en)
 | 
 2006-06-15
 | 
 Information recording medium, information playback method, and information playback apparatus 
 | 
 JP3702275B2
 (en)
 | 
 2005-10-05
 | 
 Information reproducing apparatus, information reproducing method, and information recording medium
 | 
 JP4177705B2
 (en)
 | 
 2008-11-05
 | 
 Information storage medium, information reproducing apparatus, and information reproducing method
 | 
 JP4047764B2
 (en)
 | 
 2008-02-13
 | 
 Information storage medium, information reproducing apparatus, and information reproducing method
 | 
 US20060098944A1
 (en)
 | 
 2006-05-11
 | 
 Information storage medium, information playback method, and information playback apparatus 
 | 
 US20060110135A1
 (en)
 | 
 2006-05-25
 | 
 Information storage medium, information playback method, and information playback apparatus 
 | 
 JP2004342176A
 (en)
 | 
 2004-12-02
 | 
 Information storage medium, information reproducing device, information reproducing device
 | 
 KR100786165B1
 (en)
 | 
 2007-12-18
 | 
 A computer-readable recording medium recording an information storage medium, an information reproducing apparatus, an information reproducing method and an information reproducing program
 | 
 JP2006216103A
 (en)
 | 
 2006-08-17
 | 
 Information storage medium, information recording method, and information reproducing method
 | 
 JP2006221754A
 (en)
 | 
 2006-08-24
 | 
 Information storage medium, information recording method, and information reproducing method
 | 
 JP4444331B2
 (en)
 | 
 2010-03-31
 | 
 Information storage medium, information reproducing apparatus, and information reproducing method
 | 
 JP4439561B2
 (en)
 | 
 2010-03-24
 | 
 Information storage medium, information reproducing apparatus, and information reproducing method
 | 
 Legal Events
 Date | 
 Code | 
 Title | 
 Description | 
 2006-08-16 | 
 121 | 
 Ep: the epo has been informed by wipo that ep was designated in this application | 
 | 
 2006-09-27 | 
 WWE | 
 Wipo information: entry into national phase | 
 Ref document number:
 11535823
 Country of ref document:
 US
 | 
 2007-02-08 | 
 WWP | 
 Wipo information: published in national office | 
 Ref document number:
 11535823
 Country of ref document:
 US
 | 
 2007-06-29 | 
 NENP | 
 Non-entry into the national phase | 
 Ref country code:
 DE
 | 
 2008-03-05 | 
 122 | 
 Ep: pct application non-entry in european phase | 
 Ref document number:
 05822473
 Country of ref document:
 EP
 Kind code of ref document:
 A1
 | 
 2008-03-05 | 
 WWW | 
 Wipo information: withdrawn in national office | 
 Ref document number:
 5822473
 Country of ref document:
 EP
 | 
